Apple Operations International Limited 
Directors' Report and Consolidated Financial Statements 
Year Ended 28 September 2019 

Apple Operation!! International limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Year Ended 28 September 2019 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
Directors" Report 
3 
Dlrectors' Responsibilities Statement 
15 
Independent Auditor's Reporl 
16 
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes 
Consolldated Statements of Operatlons for the years ended 28 September 2019 and. 29 September 2018 
19 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended 28 September 2019 and 29 September 
2018 
20 
Consollc!ated Balance Sheets as of 28 September 2019 and 29 September 2018 
21 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders" Equity for the years anded 28 September 2019 and 29 September 2018 
22 
Consollda1ed Statements of Gash Flows for the years ended 28 September 2019 and 29 September 2018 
23 
Notes to Consol!dated Firmncla! Statements 
24 
Company Financial Statements and Notes 
Company Statements of Financial Position as of 28 September 2019 and 29 September 2018 
49 
Company Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended 28 September 2019 and 29 September 2018 
50 
Notes to Company Financial Statements 
51 

DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The directors present their report and audited consolidated finr:mci1:1.I siaternents or Apple Operations lnlernailonal Limited, (the 
"Company") and lts wholly-owned subsidra.ries (co!!ecihtely the "Group"} for the fi nar1d1:1! year ended 28 Septembm 2019 ("2019")" 
The consoHdated financial statements are presented in U.S. dol!ars ("$"} and rounded to the nearest ml!l!on (unless otheruise 
slated). 
The dlreciors have e!ecied to prepare the consolidated f1Mnda! staiements af the Gmup In accord,:mce with lntemat!ona! Financial 
Reporting Standards and their lrrterpretaUons approved by the international Accounting Standards Board as adopted by the 
E urapea.n Un !on (''IFRS") and those pmts oft ha Companies Act 2.014applicable to companies reportlng under !FAS. The Company 
fimmclal smtements am prepared In accordance wlih the Flnancla! Reporting Standard 102 ('"FAS i02"} as issued by the Financial 
Reporting CouncH and the Companies Act 2014, 
The Company's ultimate and immediate pareni is Apple lnc. {uUltimate Parenr; ':t\pple'; or 'r>.ppie Inc."), a company incorporated 
in Ca!lfomia, United States of America. 
Ort 19 November 2018, the Company r€Hegisiered as a. private company limited by shares: pursuant to the Companies Ac.1 2014, 
The Company Is Incorporated in Ireland with a registration number of 7694t The registered office is Ho!lyhm !ndustr!a! Estate, 
Hol!yh!II, Co, Cork, Ireland. 
Principal Aet!vitle$, lhJsiness ReviiSsw and futi.m:~ Events 
The Group develops, manufactures and markets srnartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and 
sells a variety of re!aied services, 
The Group moorded net sales in 2:019 of $14t0 b!ll!on (2018: $155.8 billion), a decrease of 98%. Gross margin in 2019 was 
38A'% {20iS: 37.2%i).The Group incurred research and development cosls ln 2019 ot $7.6 bW!on (2018: $7.2 bi!ilon}. Net income 
in 2019 was $35.5 bi!lk:m (2018: $40,0 b!!lion). Average fuU time aqulvaiant employees for 2019 were 47,337 (2018: 43,325), Net 
assets for 2019 were $80.6 bi!Htx1 (2018: $238.0 b!!liori}, a decrease of $157.4 bH!ion. 
The Company's prlnc1pal activity is to serve as a holding company for the management of certain Apple subsidiary companies 
and other investments. The profit of the Campany in 2019 was $38.9 bH!ion {2018: $14.0 billion). 
The dlmc:tors do not anticipate any slg11lflca.11t change ln actMt!es for the Group and Company in the foreseeable future. 
I ru:::oma Tnx:e:a 
The corporate income taxes reported !n the Consolidated Statements of Operations, Balance Sheeis, and S~temenis of Cash 
Flows do not lnc!ude significant U.S.-leve! corporate taxes bome by Apple Inc., the ultimate parent of the Group. 
U,S.-level 1~Kes are paid by Apple inc. on irwestment income of the Group at the rate of 2ta'% (24.5'':/,, for 2018) net of app!lcable 
foreign tax credits, in addition, under changes !11 U,S. tax !eglsla1ion that took effect In December 2017, Apple Inc. Is subject to 
tax on previously deferred foreign income {at a rate of 15.5%, on cash ar1d cert.a!n other net assets and 8,ff'/ll on the remaining 
income), net of applicable tors!gri tax cred~s. The new legislation also subjects certain current foreign earnings of the Group to 
a new minimum tax, 
The business, financial condrtion and operating results: of the Group can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently 
known m unknown, lnduding but not limited to those described below, any one or more of which could, direci!y or indireci!y, 
cause the Group's actual financial condl1!on and opernHng resBlts to vary materia!!y from past, or from .€mtlc!pated future, fimandal 
condition and operating results. Any of these factors1 in who!e or in part, could materially and adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial r-..onditkm ancl operating results, 
Global and regional ecooom!c conditions could mater!afly adversely affect the Group's business, results of operatioos, financial 
condition and growth 
The Group has internatkmal operations and as a result the Group's operatlons and performance depend slgniticantly on global 
and regional economic condttlons, Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflat!on, slower growth or recession, ne'N or 
increased tarrffs, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher Interest mtes, hlgM unemploymen~ and currency 
fluciuations cou!d materially adversely affsct demand for the Group's products anr.l services. In adr.ltt!on, consumer conf!derice 
and spending oou!d be adversely affected in response to finandal market vo!at!H!y, negative flnanclal news, conditions in the real 
estate and mortgage markets, dscHnes in income or asset values, changes ta fuel and other energy costs, labour and healthcare 
costs and other economic factors. 
Apple Opemnorm International Limlted I 2am Dimctors' Report and Financial Statements l 3 

Risks and Uncertainties (continued) 
Apple Operations International limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
Global and regional economic conditions caufd materially adversely affect the Group's busfness, results of operations, financial 
condition and growth (continued) 
In addition to an adverse lmpact on demand for the Group's products, uncertainty about, or a deci!ne In, global or regional 
economl.c conditions oould have a significant impact on the Group's suppllers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, 
dlstribulors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners. Potential effects include financial lnstablllty; inability to obtain 
credit to finance operations and purchases of the Group's products; and insolvency. 
A downturn in the eoonom!cemi!ronment could also lead to Increased credit and collectabl!lfy risk on the Group's trade receivables; 
lhe failure rA derivative oourrterparttes and other flnanclal Institutions; reduced Oquidity; and declines in the fair value of the 
Group's financial instrumei1ts, These and other economic factors could materially adversely affect the Group's bus!ness, results 
of operations, flnam:lal condition and growth, 
Global markets far the Groups products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and 
the Group may tie unable to compete effectively in these mamets 
The Group's products and serv!ces are offered In highly oompetitlve global markets characterised by aggresswe price competition 
and resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent lntroductlon of new products and services, short product llfe cycles, 
evolving Industry standards, oorninual improvement In product price/performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technologlcal 
advancernenls by c:ompelllors and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. 
The Group's ablll!y to rompeta successfully depends heavlly on its abHlty to ensure a conllnuing and timely introduction of 
innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Group together with Apple Inc. be!leves It is unique 
in that It designs and develops nearly the entire solutlon for lts products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous 
software appllcatlons and related services. As a result, the Group together with /1,pple Inc. must make significant Investments 
ln resea,".Ch and development There can be no assurance that these Investments wm ach!eve expected returns, and Apple Inc. 
and the Group may not be able to develop and market new products and services successfully. 
The Group together with Apple Inc. currenl!y holds a slgniflcarrt number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and has registered, 
and applied to register, numerous patents, trademarks and copyrights. In contrast, many of the Group's competitors seek to 
compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and emulating the Group's products and infringing 
on !Is intellectual property. If the Group and Apple Inc. are unable lo continue to develop and se~ lnnO\fatlve new products with 
attractive margins or if competitors .infringe on the Group's or Apple lnc.'s lntei!eciual property, the Group's ability to maintain a 
competitive advantage could be adversely affecied. 
Toe Group has a mtnority market share in the gklbal smartphone, personal computer and tablet markets. The Group faces 
substantial competition In these markets from companies that have significant lechn!cal, marketing, distribution and other 
resources, as well as established hardware, software and digital oontem suwl!er relationships. In addition, some of the Group's 
competitors have broader product lines, lower-priced products and a larger installed base of active devices. Compet!ilon has 
been particularly Intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain competitors may 
have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products at little or no profit or even at a k:>ss. 
Additionally, the Group faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Group's product features and awlications within 
their products or oollaborale to offer solutions Iha! are more competitive than those they currently offer. The Group also expects 
competition lo Intensify as oompetitors Imitate the Group's approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings 
or work c:ollaborat!vely to offer integrated solutions. 
Some of the markets In which the Groupcompeles have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted. In addition, 
an increasing number of 1.nternet-enabled devices that Include software appllcatlons and are smaller, slmpler and cheaper than 
traditional personal computers compete wlth some of the Group's existing products. 
Tue Group's services also face substantial oompetlllon, including from companies that have significant resources and experience 
and have established service offerings with large customer bases. The Group competes with business models that provide 
content to usern for free. The Group also competes wilh Illegitimate means to obtain third-party digital content and applicat!ons. 
The Group's financial condition and operating results depend substantially on the Group's ability to contlnuaJly Improve lts products 
and services to maintain their functional and design advantages, There can be no assurance the Group win be able to continue 
to provide products and services thal compete effacilvely. 
l\pple Operations intsma5ona! Limited I 2019 Dlraciors' Report and Financial Statements! 4 

Risks and Unoortalnti'!:S (continued) 
Apple Opeirations lntemationaJ limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Group must success.fuil'f' manage frequent introductions and 
transitions of pmducts and services 
Due to ihe highly volatile and compeHtrve nature of the industries in which the Group competes1 the Group with Apple Inc. must 
contim.ia!!y introduce new pmducis, servlr-.es and technologies, enhance existing products and sen1ices, efecih1ely stlmu!ate 
customer demand far r1ew and upgraded products and services and successfully manage the transition to these new and 
upgraded products and serl/lces. The SljCCess of new product and serv!ce I ntmductlons depends on a number of factors lnclud!ng, 
but not limited to; timely and successful development, market acr,eptance, the Group's abillt-1 to manage the rlsks associated 
wtth new product production ramp~up issues, the availability of app!lcation software for new products, the effective management 
of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line wilh .mUclpaled product demand, the avP.1ll.abWty of pn::iducis in appropdate 
quantities and at expected coots to moot anticipated demand and the risk that new products and services may have quality or 
other defects or def!dendes, Accordingly, the Group cannot determine in advance the ultimate effect of new product and service 
lntroduc.11ons and transltlons. 
The Group depends on the performance of cmiem, wholesalers, retailers and other resellers 
The Gmup d1str!butes its products through cellular network carriers, wholesalern1 retailers and reool!ers, many of whom dlstribute 
producb3. from compe!lng manuraciurers. The Group also sails tts products and resells third~party products ln most of tts major 
markets directly to oonsi.m,ers, small and mkHlized businesses, and education, enterprise and governmenl customers and 
through its retail ,Bnd on line stores and ~s direct sales force. 
Same carriers providing cellular network service for iPhone offer flnancing, instalment payment plans or subsidies for users' 
purchases of the device. There is no assurance that such offers will be continued at ali or ln the same amounts upon renewal of 
the Group's agreements with these carriers or ln agreements the Group enters into wtth new carders, 
The Group has Invested and w!II continue to invest in programs to enhance rese!!er sales, including staffing selected resellers' 
stores with Group employees and rontractors, and improving pmduct p!acement displays, These programs can requlre a 
substantla! investment while not assuring return m incremental sales. The financial cond1tkm of these reseHern could weaken, 
these resellers could stop distributing the Group's products, or uncertainty regarding demand for some or all of the Group's 
products could cause resellers to reduce their ordering and markeHng of the Group's pmducis. 
The Group is exposed to the ris!rnf write-downs on the value of lts inventory and other assets,in addition to purchase commitment 
cancellation risk 
The Group mcords a write~down for product and component inventorles that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated 
demand, or for which cost exceeds net realisable value,The Group also accrues necessary cancellation fee resentes lbr orders 
of excess products and components< The Group reviews long-lived assets, inc!udlng capita! assets held at its suppliers'facaltles 
and inventory prepayments, for impalm1en~ whenever events or drcurnstancss !nd!r-..ate the sssat:s may not be recoverable. H 
the Group determines that an impairment has occurred, lt records a wrlte~down equal to the amount by wh!cti the carrying vaiue 
of the asset exceeds !ts fair value. Although the Group believes Its lnventory, cap1tal assets, inventory prepaymeni:s and other 
assets and purchase commitments are currently recoverable, no assurance can be given that the Group wm not Incur write• 
downs, fees, Impairments and other charges gr.1en the rapid: and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence ln the Industries 
in which the Group competes, 
The Group orders components for Its products and builds inventory !n ad;rdnce of pmduci announcements and shipments, 
Manufacturing purchase ob!igations cover the Group's forscasted component and manuraciuring requirements, typically for 
periods up to 150 dayf, . Ber1luse the Group's markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid tech no logy and price changes, 
ihere is a risk the Group wi1l forecast lncorrect!y and order or produce ext~,s or insufficient amrnmis of components or products, 
or not fully utlllse firm purchase commttments. 

Risk.9 and Uncertainties (continued) 
Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
Future operating results depend upon the Groups ability lo obtain components in sufficient quantities on commercially 
reasonable terms 
Because the Group currently obtains certain componoots from single or limited sources, the Group is subject to significant supply 
and prlclng risks. Many components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subjeci to Industry-
wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuatlons that could materially adversely affect the Group's financial condition 
and operating results. While the Group has entered lnto agreements for the supply of many components, 1here can be no 
assurance that the Group will be able lo extend or renew these agreements on slmllar terms, or at all. Componem suppliers may 
suffer from poort"inanclal condillons, which can lead to business faliure for the suppilerorconsolldatlon within a particular fndustry, 
further limiting the Group's ability to oblaln sufficient quantities of oomponents on commercially reasonable terms. The effects 
of global or regional economic conditions on the Group's suppliers, descdbed In "Global and regional ecOf'lomlc conditions coold 
materially adversely affect the Group's business, msufts of operatioos, financial condition and growth;' abO\/e, also could affect 
the Group's ability to obtain oomponents. Therefore, the Group remains subJeci to significant risks of supply shortages and price 
!ncreases that cot.~d materially adversely affect its financial condition and operating results. 
The Group's new products often utmse custom components ava.llab!e from only one source. When a component or product uses 
new technologies, inltfal capacity constralnts may exist until the suppliers' yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities 
have increased. The c:Oi'itlnued availab!Jity of these components at acceptable prices, or at aU, can be affected for any number 
or reasons, Including if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components lnstead of components 
c:ustomlsed to meet the Group's requirements. If the Group's supply of components fur a new or e1tistlng product were delayed 
or constrained, or if an outsourcing partner delayed shlpments of completed producls to the Group, the Group's financial condlticm 
and operating results could be materially adversely affected. The Group's business and financial pert'mmance could also be 
materially adversety allectecl depending on the t!me required to obtain sufficient quantlties from the source, or to klentify and 
obtaln sufficient quantities from an alternative source. 
The Group depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing paltners 
SubslB.ntially aH of the Group's manufacturing is performed !n whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in Asia. 
A significant concentration of this manufacturing is currently performed by a small number of outsourclng partners, often in single 
locations. The Group has also outsourced much of Its transportation and logistics management. While these arrangements can 
lower operating costs, they also reduce the Group's direct control over production and distribution. Such diminished control may 
have an adverse effect on the quality or quantity of products orservic:es, or the Group's flexlbllityto respond to changing conditions. 
Although arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the Group 
genera.fly remains responsible 10 the consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and could 
experience an unanticipated product defect liability. While the Group relies on its partners to adhere to lts s11ppliercode of conduct, 
material vlolaUons of the supplier code of conduct could occur. 
The Group relies on single-source outsourcing partners In the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many components, 
and on outsourcing partners prlmar!ly located In Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the Group's hardware products. 
Any fallure of these partners to perform can have a negat!veJmpact on the Group's cost or supply of components or finished 
goods. ln addit/on, manufacturing or logistics m 
these locations or transit to final destinations can be disrupted for a variety of 
reasons including, but not llmited to, natural and man-made disasters, information technology system fallures, commercial 
disputes, military actions, economic, business, labour, environmental, public health or political issues, or !ntematlonal trade 
d!spules. 
The Group has !nvested sn manufacturing process equipment, much of which is held at certain of Its outso1.m::lng partners, and 
has made prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements. While these arrangements help 
ensure the supply of components and f!nlshed goods, if !hese outsourcing partners or suppliers experience severe financial 
problems or other disruptions in their business, such continued supply can be reduced or terminated and the recoverability of 
manufacturing process equipment or prepayments can be nm;iatively impacted. 
Apple Operations International l.lmitoo ! 2019 Dlmr.tors' Report and Flmmr.:ial StalE!menl!! I a 

DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The Groups products and smvic:es may be affec:ted from time to time by design and manuf acturfng defects that couid materially 
adversely affect the Groups business and result In harm to the Group:'? reputation 
The Group offeru complex hard•Na.re and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing 
defects. Sophisticated operating system software and app!!catioris, such as those offered by the Group, often have issues that 
can unexpect:ocl!y lntsrfere with the 1ntended operation of hardware or software products. Defee.ts can also exist In components 
and producis the Group purchases from thlrd part!es, Componr:mt defects could make the Group's products 1.msafs and create 
a risk of erwironmental or property damage and personal injury. These risks may increase as the Group's products am Introduced 
into speclali:t.ed applir-.. atkms, indudhl•;l healthcare, In addition, the Group's service offerings may have quality Issues and from 
time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or armr:a, As a msult, the Group's services may not pecfmm .~s anticipated 
and may not meet customer expectations. There can be no assurance the Group wm be able to detect and fix all issues and 
defecis kl the hardware, software and services it offers, Fam.ire to do so could result in widespread 1echnk:al and performance 
!ssues affecting the Group's products and servlces, In addition, the Group can be exposed to product l!abOity claims, me.alls, 
product replacements or modifications, write-offs of lnvent.orJ, property, piant and equipment, and/or !ntanglble assets, and 
significant warranty and other expenses, including l!t!gatkm costs and regulatory fines. Quality pmb!ems can a!so adverseiy affect 
the experience for users of the Group's products and ser,1ices1 and result in harm to the Group's reputatkm, loss of competitive 
advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products .and services, delay in new product ar1d serv!ro h11roductiorm 
and !est sa!es. 
The Group relies on access ta thlrd~party digital content, which may not be avaf!abfe to the Group on commerc!ai!y reasonable 
farms or at all 
The Group contracts with numerous third parties to offer their d lg ital content to customers. TMs includes the right to sell currently 
available content. The lk:enslng or other dlstrlbutlon mrar1gemem:s wtth these thim parUes are for re!at!ve!y short terms and do 
not guarantee Um continuation or renewal of these arrangements on commercia!ly reasonabie ierrns, lf at al!. Some third-party 
content providers and distributors currently or ln the future may offer competlng products and servlces, and can take aci!ons to 
make It more difficult or lmpossibie for the Group 1o license or otherNise dls1rlbute their content in the future. Other contemt 
owners, providers or distributors may seek io !lmit the Group's access to, or increase the cost or, such corrtent The Group may 
be unable to continue to offer a wide variety of content at commerc!ai!y reasonable prices wtth acceptable usage rules, or continue 
to e:c:pand its grogmphic reach, Failure to obtain the right to make third~party digital content ava!lab!e, m to make such content 
available on commerclaily reasonable terms, could have a material adverse imp;~ci on the Group's financial condition and operating 
results. 
Some third-party digltal content providers require the Group to provide dlgita! righ1s management and other security solutions, 
If requirements change, the Group may have tc develop or license new technology to pravlde these soiut!ons. There ls no 
assurance the Group wUI be able to develop or Ucenoo such so!utlor1s a~ a reasonable cost arid ln a i!mely manner. In addttlon, 
certain cmmtr!es have passed or may propose and adopt legislation that lNOU!d force the Group to license its digit.a! rights 
management, which could lessen the pmtecifon of content and subject lt to piracy and aioo cou!d negative!y affect arrangements 
wtth the Group's content providers. 
The Group~s future performs.nee depends fn part on support from third-party software devalopero 
The Group bel!eves decisions by customers to purchase its t1ardwarn products depend In part on the availability of third-party 
ooft:ware applications and services. There !s no assurance that third-party developers wl!! continue to develop and maintain 
software appilcaHons and services for the Group's products. if ti:kd-party softv;1are appllcat!ons and services cease to be developed 
and malntaJned for the Group's products, customers may choose not to buy tt1e Group's products. 
The Group believes the a\.--ai!abl!ity of third-party sofl:ware appllcatiorm and services fur !ts products depends in part on the 
developers' perception and anarysis of the re!at!ve benefits of developing, maintaining and upgrading such software and services 
fur the Group's pmducis oompared to competitors' platforms, such as Android for smartphones and tabiets and Wlndows fm 
persona! computers, This analysis may be based on f'dciors such as the market posttion of the Group and tts products, the 
anticipated revenue that may be generated, expected future grol,/1/1:h of product sa!es and the cos1s of developing such applications 
and services, 
The Group's minortty market share in the global smartphor.e, personal computer and tablet markets cou!d make deve!opem less 
inclined to develop m upgrade software for the Group's produe..is and mom iridined to devote their resources to developing and 
upgrading software for competitors' products with larger market share, If developers fom.m their efforts on these competing 
platforms, 1he avaiiabllity and quaiity of applications fur the Group's devices may suffer, 

Riska and Uncertainties (continued) 
Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The Group's future performance depends In part OIi support from third-party software developers (continued) 
The Group relies on the continued availabillty and development of compelling and innovative software applications for its products. 
The Group's products and operating systems are subject to rapid technological change, and If third-party developers are unable 
to or choose not to keep up with this pace of change, th!rd-party appijcations might not take advantage of these changes to 
deliver. Improved customer experiences or might not operate correctly and may result In dlssallsfied customers. 
The Group sells and delivers third-party applleations for Its products through the App Store, Mac App Store, TV App Store and 
Watch App Store'. The Gmup retains a commission from sales through these p/1:itfurms. If developers reduce their use of these 
platforms to dlstrlbute their app!lcat!ons and offer ln-app purchases to customers, then the volume of sales, and the commission 
that the Group earns on those sales, would decrease. 
Tfle Group relies on access to third-party Intellectual property, which may not be available iD the Group on commercially 
reasonable terms or at all 
Many of the Group's products and services are designed to include intellecttiai property owned by thlrd parties, which requires 
l!censes from those third parties. In addition, because of !echno!oglcal changes in the industries in which the Group currently 
competes or in the future may compete, current extensive patent coverage and the rapid ra!e of issuance of new patents, the 
Group's products and seniices may unknowingly infringe exlsting palenls or lntellecl!.lal property rights of others. From time to 
time, the Group has been notified that It may be kJringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. 
Based on experience and industry practice, ihe Group believes licenses to such third-party Intellectual property can generalty 
be ob!a(ned on commercially reasonable terms. There ls, however, no assurance thal the necessary !!censes can be obtained 
on commercially reasonable terms or at alt Faijure to obtain the rlght to use third,party Intellectual property, or to use such 
inteMectual property on commercially reasonable terms, could preclude the Group from selling certain products or services, or 
otherwlse tsave a material adverse lrnpact on the Group's financial condition and operaling resulls. 
The Group could ba impacted by unfavourable results of legal proceedings,such as being found ta have infringed on Intellectual 
property rights 
The Group is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordlnary course of buslrless and have not 
yet been M!y resolved, and new cla!ms may arise In the future. In addition, agreements entered Into by the Group sometimes 
lriclude indemnification provisions which can subject the Group to costs and damages in the event of a claim against an indemnified 
thkd party. 
Clalms against the Group based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations oflntellectual property rights have 
genera.fly increased over time and may continue to· increase. In particular, the Group together with Apple Inc. has historlcally 
faced a significant number of patent claims relating to its cellular-enabled products, and new claims may arise In the Mure. For 
example, technology and other patent-holding companies frequentty assert their patents and seek royallies and often enter Into 
litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of lnteUectual property rights. Apple Inc. and the Group 
are vigorously defending lnrrlngemerrt actions in courls!n several U.S. jurisdictions, as well as lntematlonally In various countries. 
The plalntlffs In these actions frequently seek Injunctions and substantial damages. 
Regardless of the merit of particular claims, litigation can be expensive, time consuming, disruptive to the Group's operations 
and distracting to management. In recognition of these considerations, !he Group may enter into licensing agreements or other 
arrangements to settle .litigation and resolve such disputes. No assurance can be given that such agreements can be obtained 
on acceptable terms or that lltigation wm not occur. These agreements may also significantly Increase the Group's cost of sales 
and operating expenses. 
The outcome of l!tlgatlon is Inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved against the Group or an indemnified 
third party in a reporting period for amounts above of management's expectations, the Group"s flnancia!conditlon and operating 
resuHs for that reporting period could be materfally adversely affected. Further, such an outcome could result in significant 
compensatory, punitive or trebled monetary damages, dlsgorgernent of revenue or profits, remedial corporate measures or 
injtmctive relief against the Group that could materially adversely affect Its flnanclal condition and operating results. 
While the Group maintains Insurance coverage ibr certain types of claims, such lnsurance coverage may be insufficient lo cover 
all losses or all types of claims that may arise. 
Apple Operations lnterna1ional Lirnited I 2019 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I a 

DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The Group is subject to complex and changlr'1g faws and regulations worldwide, which exposes !Im Group to poferitii:11 
fiabilities, incmms:fid costs and other adverse effects on the Group's business, 
The Group's operations are subjeci to comple): and changing laws and regulations an subjects including, but not limited to: 
antitrust; privacy, data security and data loca!!z.ation; consumer proiec.1:ion; adverUsing, sales, b!!l!ng and e-commerce; product 
iiabiltt:y; inte!!ectuai property ownership and infringement; digital p!atforms; lntemet, teiecommunications, and mobile 
o.:immunicatlon:s; media, television, film and digital content; availability of third-party software appl!cai!ons and services; labor 
and employment; anti-corruption; import, expmt and trade; foreign exchange contm!s and cash repatri{iiion restrictions; ami-
moriey laundering; furnign ownership and investment; tax; and environmental, health and safety. 
Compliance wlth these iaws and regulations may be onerous arid expensive, lncreash1g the cost of conducting the Group's 
operat!ons, Changes to laws arid regulat!ons can adversely affect the Group's business by lm::reasing the Group's cos.ta, !im!ting 
the Group's ability to offer a product or service to customers, requiring changes to the Group's business praciices or otherwise 
making the Group's products and services less attractive to customera, The Group has imp!eme11ted poilc!es and procedures 
designed to ensure compliance wijh applicable laws and mgLtlafons, but there can be no assurance that the Group's employees, 
contraciorn or agents wm not violate such laws and regulatlons or the Group's po!!cies and procedures, If 1he Group is round to 
have viol.aled laws and regulations, it could mail:lrial!y adverser/ affect the Group's reputation, f!mmdal oondliion and operatlng 
results, 
The technology Industry, inc!udh1g, in some ins1anoes, the Group, is subject to intense media, polltica! and regulatory scrutiny, 
wh!ch exposes the Group io government !nvl:lstigations, l!:!gal actions and penalties. For example, the Group Is subject to antitrust 
lnvestlgatlons In various jurisd!ciions around the '1NOrld, which can resua In legal proceedings and clalms against the Group that 
could, 1ndlvidual!y or in the aggregate, have a material impact on the Group's financial coridakm and operating resuils, There 
can be no assurance that the Gmup's business wm not be rnateria!ty advemeiy affected, indlvidual!y or in the aggregate, by the 
outcomes of such !nvestigat!ons or changes to laws and regli!at!ons in the future, 
The Group :S reta}J stores have required and will continwsi to require a substanHaf investment and commitment of rssources and 
ars subject to numerous risks and 1.mcertaintfes 
The Group's retail stores have required substant!a! investment in equipment and ieaooho!d impmvements; lnformatiofl systems, 
inventory and personnel. The Group also has entered into substanalaJ lease commitments for retali space. Certain stares have 
been designed and built to serve as hlgh-prome venues to promote brand awareness., Because of their tmique design elements, 
!ocat!ons and size, these stores requlre substantially mom immstmerrt than the Group's more typical retail stores. 
Due to the high cost strncime associated with the Group's ratall stores, .a dacllna lr. sales or the closure or poor performance of 
an indhridual store or mwitiple stores could result in :sdgnificant lease termlna~ion costs, wrtte-offs of equipment and leasehold 
improvements and severance costs, 
The Group's reta!I operations are subiect to many factors that pose risks and unr:artBlnHr:m and cou!d adversely !mpaci the 
Group's finandai condttion and operating results, lnc!uding macro-economic factors that cou!d have an adverse effect on genera! 
retail acilvlty. Other factors ir:clude, but are not limi1ed to, the Group's ability to manage costs associated with retail store 
construction and opemt!on; mansge reiat!onships with existing retail partners; manage c:osts assoclated wlth fiuctuaHons ln the 
value of retaH Inventory; and obtain and renew !eases in quality retail locations at a ,easonab1e cost. 
Investment in new business strategies and acqufsitions could disrupt the Group's ongoing busfriess and present risks not 
originaf!y contemp!atec! 
The Group has invested, and !n the future may invest, !n new business strategies or acquisitions. Such emdea,;ours rnB.y Involve 
slgnrrica11t r1sks and uncertainties, including distm.ction of management from current operations, greater-than-expected iiabiiitie:s 
and expenses, inadequate return on capital, and tm!dentlfied issues not discovered !n the Gmup's due diligence. These new 
ventures are lnhemntiy risky and may not be sa.1c,:;:essfuL 
Tf!e Group's business. and reputation may be impacted by information technology system falfuros or network rlisruptkms 
The Group is exposed to lnfonrmtkm technology sybiem f-ai!ures or network disruptions caused by natural disasters, accidents, 
power disrnpHons, !e!ecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or 
other events or disruptions. System redundancy arid o1har continuity measures may be ineffective or in.adequate, and the Group's 
business oontinutty arid disaster reoovery planning may not be sufficien'l for all everitua!it!es. Such fallums or disruptions can 
adversely impact the Group's business by, among ether th!ngs1 preventing access to the Group's onl!ne services, ln1erl'erlng with 
customer transactions or lmpedlr.g the manufacturing and shipping of the Group's products. These events could materlaHy 
adversely affect the Group's reputation, flnanc!al condition and operating results. 
Apple Operntiom; !ntmns.tional Limited! 2D19 Dirsctorn' Raport and Financial Statements I 9 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
Riaks and Uncertaintiea (continued) 
There may be losses or unauthorised access fo or releases of conffdantia! information, Including personally identifiable 
information, that could sub/act the Group to significant reputatlonal, financial, legal and operational consequences 
The Group's business requires it to use and store confidential Information Including, among other things, person.ally Identifiable 
Information ('Pl!') with respect to the Group's customers and employees. The Group devotes slgnfffoant resources to network 
and data security, including through the use of encryption and other security measures intended to protect its systems and data. 
Butthese measures cannot provide absolute security, and losses or unauthorised access to or releases of cof@dentlal Information 
occur and could materially adversely affect the Group's reputation, financial condition and operating results. 
The Group's business also requires It to share confidential information with suppliers and other third parties. Although the Group 
takes steps t.o secure conlidentlaUnformation that is provided to third parties, such measures are nol always effective and losses 
or unauthorised access lo or releases of confidential information occur and could materially adversely affect the Group's reputation, 
financial condition and operating results. 
For example, the Group may experience a securlty breach Impacting the Gmup's information technology systems !hat 
compromises the confidentlality, Integrity Of availabmty of confidential information. Such an incident could, among other things, 
impair the Group's ability to attract and retain customers for its products and services, Impact Apple lnc.'s stock priee, materially 
damage supplier relationships, and expose the Group to 1itigalior1 or government investigations, which could result in penalties, 
fines or judgements against the Group. 
Although malicious attacks perpetrated to gain access to conlldentlal information, including Pl!, affect many companies across 
various lndustrles, the Group is at a relatlvely greater risk of belng targeted because of !ts high profile and the value of the 
confidential information it creates, owns, manages, stores and processes. 
The Group has Implemented systems and processes Intended to secure its Information lechnoiogy systems and prevent 
unauthorised access to or loss of sensilive data, includ!ng through the use of encryption and authentlcatlon technologies. As 
with all companies, these security measures may not be sufficient foraij evemualltlas and may be vulnerable to hacking, employee 
error, malfeasance, system error, faulty password management or other irregularities. For example, third parties attempt lo 
fraudulently Induce employees or customers into d/scloslng user names, passwords or other sensltlve !nformallon, whlch may 
in tum be used to access the Group's Information technology systems. To help protect customers and the Group, the Group 
monitors its services and systems for unusual activity and may freeze accounts under suspicious circumstances, which, among 
other thlngs, may resulfln the delay or loss of customer Oftlers or Impede customer access to the Group's products and services. 
In addition to the risks relating to general confidential information described above, the Group is also subject to speclflc: obllgalions 
relating to health data and payment card da!a. Health data ls subjeci lo addilional privacy, security and breach notl.fication 
requirements, and the Group can be subject to audll by governmental authorities regarding the Group's compliance with these 
obligations. If the Group fails to adequately comply with these rules and requlrements, or if health data is hand!edjn a manner 
not permitted by law or under the Group's agreements with hea1thcare lnstilut!ons, the Group could be subject to litlgatlon or 
government Investigations, may be liable for associated invesiiga!ory expenses, and could also incur significant fees or fines. 
Under paymenl card rules and obligations, lf cardho!der information is potentially compromised, ihe Group could be Hable for 
assoe1aled investigatory expenses and could also incur significant fees or fines if the Group fails tQ follow payment card lndustry 
data security standards. The Group could also experience a sign!f!cant increase In payment card transaction costs or lose the 
ab!l!tyto process payment cards if it fails lo follow payment card industry data security standards, which would materially adversely 
affect the Group's reputation, financial condition and operating results. 
Whl!e the Group maintains insurance ct>verage that is intended to address certain aspects of data security risks, such Insurance 
coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of clalms that may arise. 
The Groups business is sub/eel to a 118fiety of laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection 
The Group ls subject to laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of PU. In many cases, these laws 
app!y not on!yto third·partylransactions, but also may restrict transfers of PU among the Group. Several jurlsdictlons have passed 
laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. These laws continue to develop and 
may be Inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing international requirements may 
cause the Group to incur substantial costs or require the Group to change its business practices. Non-compliance could result 
ln significant penalties or legal liability. 
Appia Operations lnlama~onal Umllad l 2019 Directors' Raport and Financial Statsmen!s ! 10 

Appia Operations lnternationsl Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The Group~ business is subiect to a variety of laws, rules, policies and other obfigations regarding data protection (continued) 
The Group makes statements about tts use and disclosure of PH through ils prh1acy imncy, information provided on its websi1e 
and press statements. Any fal!ure by the Group to comply wl1h these public statements or with lntemat!onal privac-y-rnlated or 
data protection laws and regula1!ons o:m!d result in proceedings agalm,i the Group b'/ governmental entitles or othem. !n addition 
to reputational Impacts, pena!Ues could lnc!ude ongoing audit requirements and significant legal !iabWty. 
The Grnup 's bu~inem3 ccm be impacted .by pofiUca! events, fnremat!onal trade disputes,, war, terrorism, naturnJ dis astern, public 
health issues, industrls.f acc!dsnta and other business lntsrruptfons" 
Political events, internationa! trade disputes, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health ismJss, industrial accidents and other 
business interruptions could harm or disrupt International commerce and the gioba! econamy1 and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group and its customers, supp!!em, contract manufacturers, kigist!cs providers, dlstributom, cellular network carriers 
and other channel partners. 
intematlana1 traded isputes can result in tariffs and other measures that can adverooiy affect the Group's business. Tarlffs increase 
!he cost oft he Group's products and ihe components and raw materials that go into making them. These increased costs adversely 
impact t.he gross margin that iha Group (;lame, on th, products, Tariffs c'-m also make the Group's products more expensive far 
customers, whlch could make the Group's products !ess compe@ve and reduce consumer demand" Countries may also adopt 
other measures that could limit the Group's abinty to offer its products and services. Pol!t!cal uncertainty surrounding lntemat!onal 
trade dlsputes and measures cou!d also have a negal!ve affect on oor1sumer conf!denr..e and :spending, which oouid adv$me!y 
affect the Group's business, 
Many of the Group's opemt1ons and facmties as we!! as critical business operations of the Group's suppHers and o:mtmct 
manufacturers are !n locations that are prone to earthquakes arid other natural disasters, in addtt!on, such operations and facl!tties 
~re subject to the risk of interruption by fire, power shortages, nuc!elSlr power plant amldents and other lndustrlai accidents, 
terrorist attacks and other hosrne acts, labour disputes, public health !ssues and other events beyond the Group's controL Global 
climate change cou!d result In oortaln types of natural disasters occurring more fmquer:Uy or with mom Intense effects. Such 
8'"1/enis couid make it difficult or Impossible for 1he Group to manufacture am:! deHver products to its customers, create de!ays and 
!nefflclencies in the Group's supp!y and manufac.1uri ng chal n, and resu It !n slowdowns and <ml:ages to the Group's serv!oo offer! ngs .. 
FoHowlng an interruptlon to its bus!ness, the Group could require substantial recovery time, experience significant expenditures 
to resume operations, and lose slgnrr!cant sales, Because the Group relies on s!ng!e or Hm11ed sources fur the supply and 
manufacture of many crit!ca! components, a business Interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any negative 
oonsequermea lo the Group. 
The Gmup's opr:imtions me ahm m.ibject to the risks of industrial accldents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. While tile 
Group's supp!iers are required to malntaln saf:e 1ivork!ng envlronment:s. and operations, an industrial acc!dsnt could occur and 
could msu!t in disruption to the Group's busir.ess and harm to the Group's reputation. Should major public hea!th issues, including 
pandemics, arise, tha Group could be adversely afrac!ed by more stringam employee travel restrictions, additional Umitat!ons in 
freight services1 governmental actions limiting the movement of products between regions, delays in production ramps of new 
products and disruptions i11 the operations of the Group's suppliers and coritmci manwfuciurers, 
While the Group maintains insurance coverage for certain types of lesses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover 
all !osses that may arise, 
TfJe Groups tlns.ncfal perrormances is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the US. dollar rafat!ve to focal 
currencies 
The Group's prlmary exposure to movements in foreign ctmency e:o:change rates relates to m:in-UaS, do!!ar-denomlnated sales, 
cost of sales and operating expenses worldwide. Gross margins on the Gmwp's products ln foreign countries and on products 
that include components obtained from foreign suppl!ers could be mater!aliy adversely affected by foreign currency exchange 
rate f!m::.1uations. 
The weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U,S, dollar adversely affecis the U.S. dollar value of the Group's foreign 
currency•denominated sales and earnings, and generally leads the Group to raise intemat!onal pr!clrig, potentla!!y reducing 
demand for the Group's produch:t !n some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, the Group may decide not to raise 
internattonal pricing to offset the U,S, dollar's slrengthening, whiGh \Nou!d ,3,dverseiy affect the U.S. dollar value of the gross 
marglns lha Group earns on foreign currency-denominated sales. 

Risks and Uncertainties (continued) 
Apple Operations international Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The Group :S- financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to focal 
currencies (continued) 
Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, while generally beneficial to the Group's foreign 
currency-denom!nated sales and earnings, oould cause the Group to reduce !nternat!ona! pricing and incur losses on its forelgn 
currency derivative instruments, thereby limiting the benefit. Additionally, strengthening of forelgn currencies may increase the 
Group's cost of product components denomlnated ln those currencies, thus adveraety affecting gross margins. 
The Group uses derivative Instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option coniracis, to hedge certain exposures to 
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging actMt!es may not be effective to offset any, or more 
than a portlon, of the adverse finanda! effects of unfavourable movements }n foreign exchange rates over the limited time the 
hedges are in place. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the values of its investment portfolio 
The Group's Investments can be negatively affected by l!quldlty, credit deterioration, financial results, market and economic 
conditions, political risk, sovereign risk, interest rate fluctuations or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity ofthe Group's 
cash, cash equivalents and marketable and non,marketable securities may flucb.mte substantial~. Therefore, although the Group 
has not rea!ised any significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents and marketable and non-marketable securities, future 
fluctuations in their va!ue could result in slgnlticant losses and could have a material adverse Impact on the Group's financial 
condition and operating results, 
The Group is exposed ta credit risk an its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related 
to long-term supply agreements, and this risk ls heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen 
The Group distributes its products through third~party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retaHers and reseiiers. The Group 
also selfs its products directly to smaH and mid~sized businesses and educatlon, enterpr!se and government customers. A 
substantial majority of the Group's outstandlng trade receivables are not covered by collateral, third-party bank support or 
financing arrangements, or credlt insurance. The Group's exposure to credit and coiiectab!lity risk on Its trade receivables is 
higher in certain lntemaUonal markets and !ts ablllty to mitigate such risks may be limited, The Group also has unsecured vendor 
non-trade receivables resulting from purchases of components by outsourcing partners and other vendora that manufacture sub-
a.ssemblles or assembie flnal products for the Group. in addition, the Group has made prepayments associated wlth long-term 
supply agreements to secure supply of inventory components" As of 28 September 2019, a significant portion of the Group's 
trade receivables was concentrated within cellular t!etwork carriers, and its vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments 
related to long~term supply agreements were conce11trated among a few lndividua.! vendors located primarily in Asia. While the 
Group has pmr-..edures to monitor and amit expo~ure to credit risk on Its trade and vendor 11011-trade receivables, as well as long-
term prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credtt risk and avoid losses. 
The Group could be subject to changes in its tax rates; the adoption of new local or international tax legislation or exposure to 
additional tax liabilities 
The Group is subject to taxes in numerous jurisdictions, where a number of the Group's subsldiarles are organised. Due to 
economic and po§itical condttions1 tax rates in various _!urisd!ctions may be subject to significant change, The Group's effective 
tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of eam lngs ~n countries with differ! ng statutory tax rates, changes In the valuatkm 
of deferred tax assets and Uabilities, or changes !n tax laws or !heir interpretation. 
The Group ls also subject to the exam!na1ion of its tax returns and other tax matters by tax authorities and govemmenta! bodies. 
The Group regularly assesses the likeHhood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy 
of its provls!on for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these exam!matlons. If the Group's effective tax rates 
were to Increase, or if the ultimate determination of the Group's taxes owed is for an amount In excess of amounts prevlousiy 
accrued, the Group's financial condition and operating results could be materlaliy adversely affected, 
The Group manages ail its risk and uncertainUes together with its ultlmate parent Apple Inc". 
Refer to Note 7, "Hnandal Risk Management and Financial Instruments" of the consolidated financial statements for details of 
the Group's financial r~sk management poijdes. 
Apple Operations $ntarnational Limited 12019 Directors' Report and Financial Statements i 12 

Oivldereda 
Apple Operations lntemafo:mai limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
Dividends of $196.5 bi!Hon {2018: $69. i b!!!ion} were pa1d by the Group with $196.7 blllion (2018: $68.0 billion) paid by the 
Company to rts ultimate parent Apple Inc, during the year. The dMdends were fully subject to U.S. tax. 
Books and Accounting Records 
The di rectors bslleve that they have comp Hed with the requ !rements of Section 281 to 285 of the Companles Act 2014 with regard 
to accoun!lng records by appointing accmmllng personnel with approprlate expertise and by providing adequate resources to 
the flnarn::e function. These books and accounting records are maintained at the Company's registered office, Ho!!yhi!l !ndustr!aJ 
Estate, HoUyhili, Co. Cork:, Ireland. 
Dlrecmrsi Secretary and Their Interests 
The directors of the Company who served during the year were, M!chae! Joseph Boyd Jnr., BJ Watrous, Peter Denwood and 
Jeffrey r1/lyera, The secretary of the Company during the year was Peter Denwood, On 25 Apr!! 2019 BJ Watrous resigned as 
director of the Company and Jeffrey Myers was appointed d!rector of the Company. 
The directors and secretary who held office at 28 September 2019 rm.cl no interests In shares in or debenh.lfes of the Company 
or any related undertaking of the Company at the end of the financial year, or at the begfrming of the financial year {or date of 
appointment, it later} requiring di:sdo:sure in the Directors' Report under Secilon 329 of the Companies Act 2014. 
Directors' Compliance Statement 
As required by Secikm 225 of the Companies Act 2014, the directors acknowledge that they are responsible for securing the 
Company's compi!ance with its relevant obHgatlons (as defined in that legls!ailon}. The diroctom further confirm that a compliance 
policy statement has been drawn UPr and that appropriate ammgemanh, m1d structures have been put !11 place that are, In the 
directors opinion, designed to secure material compliance with the relevant obllgatlons. A rev!ew of these arrangements and 
structures has been conducted durlng the financial year to which the report relates. 
Post Balance Sheet Eve~!~ 
The Gmup and Company declared arid paid a dividend of $51.8 bllllrm subsequent to 1he financ!al year end. 
The Group 1:;arr!es out research and development aci!vlties" 
The directors be!ievl:l th.st H1!:ly have tal>:eri all steps that they ougM to have taken as directors to make themselves aware of any 
relevant audit information, as defined under Section 330 of the CompBnies Act 20i 4, and to establish that the Group's statutory 
auditors are B"iVare of that information, !11 oo far as they are aware, there Is no relevant audlt information of which the Group's 
statutory auditors am unaware. 
Audi@ Committee 
The directors of ihe Company decided not to estab!lsh ar: audit committee. The dlreciors consider that the respormibHH!ss and 
functions of the audit comnilttee under tne requirements of the Companies Act 20i4 are directly or indirectly performed by the 
Apple Inc. Audit and F!nance Comrnrrtee. 

Independent Auditor 
Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
Ernst &. Young, Ct;artered Accountants, wll! continue in office In accordance with Section 383(2) of the Companies Act 2014. 
On be'»lf of the board 
/ 
,~fl~~ 
Peter Denwood 
Direct.or 
Date: --"'27"---"-M=ar~c~h_ 2020 
Date: 
27 March 
2020 
Appia Operations lntemalionai Limited I 2019 Dlroctora' Report and Financial Statements 114 

Apple Operations lnternaliorrnl Umited 
DIRECTORS' RESPONSIS!l!T!ES STATEMENT 
The directors are responsible for preparing the directors' report and financial statements of the Company and the Group in 
accordance wlth applicable law and regulations. 
Irish company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year which give a true and fair vlew 
of the staie of affiaira of the Company and of the Group af1d of the profit or loss of the Gro~1p for that period, The directors have 
prepared the consolidated f!nanclal statements of the Group in accordance wtth IFRS and those parts of the Companies Act 
20i 4 appllcable to companies report! rig under IFRS, The directors have elected to prepare the Company financial statements in 
accordance with FRS 102 and the Companies Act 2014. 
Under Irish company law, the directors musi not approve the financial biatements unless they me satisfied that they give a true 
and fair v!ew of the assets1 liabilities, and finaricia! position of the Company and of the Group as of the end of the financial year, 
and ths profit or ioss of the Group taken as a whole for the financial year, and otherwise comply with the Companies Act 2014. 
!n preparing these Group and Company financial statements, the dlrectars are required to: 
6 
Select suitable accounting po!lcles and then apply them consistently; 
6 
Make judgements am:! estimates that are reasonable and prudent; 
mate whether the financial slatements have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting s1andards, 
!dentify those standards1 and note the effect and reasons for any material departure from those standards; and 
6 
Prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless it is lnapproprlate 10 presume that the 
Company and the Group will continue in business. 
The directors are responsible for ensuring that the Company keeps adequate accounting reoi.xds wh1ch (Xmeciiy e:<i:plaln and 
record the lran:smct1ons of the Company, enabling at MY time the assets, HabWt!es, financial position and profit or loss of the 
Company to be determined with reasonable accuracy, and ensuring that the Group and the Company flnandai statements and 
dkeci:ors' report compty wlth the Companies Act 2014 and enable them to be audited" They are also responsible for iak!ng such 
steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard Hie assets of the Group and 1he Company and to prevent and detect fraud 
and other lrrnguiaritles, 
On behalf of the board 
{J:IL)u.~ 
Pe1er Denwood 
Director 
__ l(/$,//4-~ --
Miih~el Joseph Boyd Jnr, 
Dlmctor 

Ekllld!n; a better 
Wllll'kin9 W'lll'id 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF APPLE OPERATIONS 
INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of Apple Operations International Limited ('the Company') and 
Its subsidiaries ('the Group') for the year ended 28 September 2019. which comprise the Consolidated 
statements of Operations, Consolidated statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Balance 
Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equ!ty, Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, 
Company Statements of Flnancial Positlon, Company statements of Changes in Equity and notes to the 
financial statements, including the summary of significarrt accounting policies set out in note 1. The 
financial reporting framework that has been applied ln their preparation is Irish Law and International 
Financial Reporting standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and, as regards the Company 
financial statements, Accounting Standards including FRS 102, The Financial Reporting Standard 
applicabie in the UK and Republic of Ireland (Irish Generally Accepted Accounting Practice). 
In our opinion: 
• 
the Group financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position 
of the Group as at 28 September 2019 anci of its profit for the year then ended; 
• 
the Company financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial 
position of the Company as at 28 September 2019; 
,. 
the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by 
the European Union; 
• 
the Company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with Irish Generally 
Accepted Accounting Practice; and 
• 
the Group financial statements and Company financial statements have been property prepared in 
accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2014. 
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audltin accordance wi!h International standards on Auditing (lre!and) (ISAs (Ireland)) 
and applicable law. our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report We are independent of 
the Company !n accordance with ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit off!nancial statements 
in lreland, includlng the Ethical Standard issued by the Irish Auditing and Accounting Supervisory 
Authorlty (IAASA}, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities .!n accordance with these 
requirements. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion. 
Conclusions reiating to going concern 
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters, in relation to which lSAs (Ireland) require 
us to report to you where: 
" 
the directors' use of the golng concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial 
statements is not appropriate; or 
" 
the directors have not disclosed in the financial statements any identified material uncertaihtles that 
may cast significant doubt about the Group's and Company's abHity to continue to adopt the going 
concern basis of accounting for a period of at least twelve months from the date when the financial 
statements are authorised for issue. 

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR1S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF APPLE OPERATIONS 
INTERNA.TIONAL LIMITED (Continued) 
Other information 
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Directors; Report. Our opinion on the financial staternents does not cover the other 
information and, except to the extent other11ise exp!ldt!y stated in our report, we do not express any form 
of assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the finarn:.:ial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the~ audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we 
identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine 
whether there is a material misstatement in the financial statements or a material misstatement of u-ie 
other information, if, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material 
misstatement of this other information, '!Ne are required to report that fact 
We r1ave nothing to report ln this regard. 
Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2014 
Based solely on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, we report that: 
~ 
in our opinion, the informatfon given In the Directors' Report is consistent with the financial 
statements; and 
19 
in our opinion, the Directors' Report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2014. 
We have obtained all the information and explanations •.,vhich we consider necessary for the purposes of 
our audit. 
In our oplnlon the accounting records of the Company were sufficient to permit the financla! statements 
to be readily and properly audited and the Company statement of financial position is In agreement with 
the accounting records, 
Matters on which we aro required to report by exception 
Based on the knowledge and understanding of the Campany and its environment obtained in the course 
of the audit, we have not identiflecl material misstatements in the Directors' Report 
The Companies Act 2014 requires us to report to you if1 in our opinion, the discl.osures of directors' 
remuneration and transactions required by Sections 305 to 312 of the Act are not made. We have nothing 
to report In thls regard. 

l:halld!ng ll ult.fir 
'lllJlllll'lmq worid 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS Of APPLE OPERATIONS 
INTERNATIONAL LIMITED {Continued) 
Respective responsibilities 
Responsibilities of directors for the financial statements 
As explained more fully in the Directors' Responsibilities Statement set out on page 15, the directors are 
responsible for the preparation of the f!nancial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true 
and fair view; and for such internal control as they determine fs necessary to enable the preparation of 
financial Statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financlal statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group and the 
Company's ability to continue as going concerns, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate 
the Group or the parent Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic allernatlve but to do so, 
Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an Auditor's Report that 
includes our opinlon. Reasonatile assurance ls a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an 
audt conducted ln accordance with ISAs (Ireland) wlli always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists, Misstatements can arise fromTraud or error and are con$idered material if, indivldualfy or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to Influence the economic decisions of users taken on the 
basis of these financial statements. 
A further description of our responsilibllities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the 
IAASA's 
website 
at: 
httg://www laasa. 1elgetmet.il§lr.£,~.§_;lQJSUgf!i:.~l~l!Lib'Lb8f., 
a9~;:;9;:;3alP-£imrJt-J.ion . d ~ auditors resttonsibilitii::s for aui:!li; @f. 
This descrlption forms pa1t of our Ai,iditor's Report 
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities 
Our reportis made solely to the Compan)l's members, as a body,. ln accordance with Section 391 of the 
Companies Act 2014. our audit work has ooen undertaken so that we might state to the Company's 
members those matters we are required to state to them 1h an Auditor's Report and for no other purpose. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law,we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the 
Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions 
we have formed. 
George Deegan 
for and on behalf of 
Ernst & Young Chartered Accountants and statutory Audit Firm 
Dublin 
27 March 2020 

Net sales 
Cost of sales 
Gross margin 
Operating expenses: 
Research and devakl,pmern 
Appll!! Operath:i1u1 lntemati!:mal Llmiied 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
Note 
3 
Selling, general and adminlstraUve 
Total opemtjng expenses 
Operatlng.lncome 
Other lncomei(expanse),nel 
4 
Income tiefqre provision for income taxes 
Provision for lnoome taxes 
n 
Ne! lncorm~ 
See accompanying notes to com.ol!dated financial statements. 
Years ended 
28 September 
2lH!! 
29 September 
2018 
$'IT! 
$'m 
140,992 
155,832 
(86,851) 
(97,822) 
54,141 
58,010 
(7,590) 
(7,195) 
(8,501) 
(9,158} 
(16,091) 
(16,353) 
38,050 
41,657 
3,636 
5,022 
41,686 
46,679 
(6,191} 
(6,664} 
35,495 
40,015 
Apple Operations lntema\ional Limi1ad i 2019 Diiectorn' Report and Rmncial Smmmen!s I H:i 

Apple Operations International Limited 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
VE!amended 
28 September 
29 September 
Net income 
Other comprehensive income/(toss) which will be reclassified to the Statements of 
Operations In subsequent periods: 
Change in foreign currency translation, net of tax 
Change In unrealised galns/losses on derivative Instruments, net .A tax: 
Change in fair vahm of derivative..'! 
Adjustment for nel {galns)/iosses realised and included in net Income 
Tota! change 1n unrealised gains/looses on derivative instruments 
Change in unreallsed gainsl!osses on marketable securities, net of tax: 
Change In fair value of marketable securities 
Adjustment for net (galns}/losses reallsed and Included in net income 
Total change !rt unrealised gains/losses on marketable securities 
Tomi olher comprehensive incomef(loss) 
Total comprehensive income 
See ar.cc)mpanylng notes to oonsolldaleci financiai statements. 
2019 
S'm 
35,495 
(204) 
722 
{647) 
75 
3,714 
61 
3,775 
3,646 
39,141 
J\pple Operations lnternaliooa! Uniilml I 2am Dlrectom' Report and Flnancial Statamoots 120 
2018 
$'rn 
40,015 
(228) 
358 
117 
475 
(4,435) 
(10) 
(4,445) 
(4,198} 
35,817 

Current assets: 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Mar!<.etab1e·seour11les 
Acoounts receivable, net 
t"Jther current assets 
Tolal cmrant assets 
Non•ourrenl assets: 
Marketable securities 
Property, plant and equipment, net 
Deferred lax asset 
Other non-owrrant assets 
Tata! nonscurrnrrt assets 
Tolal assets 
Current liabilitles: 
Accounts payable 
Other current liabilities 
Deferred revenue 
Total cwrri,,111 llablliiles 
Non-current liabiillles: 
t"Jther. non-current llabl!!l.las 
Total non-current llabllltles 
Total. Habll!Ues 
Shareholders' equtly: 
Apple Operations International Limited 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
Called up share capltal presented as equity 
Retained earnings 
t"Jther reserves 
Total shareholders' equity 
Total llablHl:ias and shareholders' equliy 
Note 
7 
7 
4i7 
7 
a 
6 
11/'l 
See accompanying notes lo oomiol!dated financial s.ia.temenls. 
On behalf of tile board 
£tt):A~ 
ter Denwood 
Director 
118! o'i 28 
S11ptE!mb1W 
2019 
$'m 
17,530 
19,395 
25,345 
10,090 
72,360 
27,974 
12,248 
14,216 
6,314 
60,752 
133,112 
27,899 
14,770 
2,261 
44,930 
7,568 
7,568 
52,498 
80.459 
155 
80,614 
133,112 
WJi,l 
Date: __ 2""7--'M""a"'"rc~h.,____ 2020 
DEile: 
27 March 
2020 
/\pp!e Opemlians h1temalhmai Limited 12019 Direc!Drn' Report and Flnarn::i1!l Sl!itsmerrti; I 21 
Astif29 
September 
2018 
$'rn 
15,978 
36,947 
27,007 
9,127 
89,059 
ama 
)!rdddd; 
165,839 
17,021 
16,639 
8,269 
207,768 
30,669 
18,693 
2,609 
51,971 
6,873 
6,873 
58,844 
241,46$ 
(3,487} 
237,983 
296,827 

Apple Operations !nternatJarml limited 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
Called up 
!illllllre capita! 
presented as 
Retained 
Other 
equily • 
eamlng1 
re$!!l'II~ 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
Balances as of 30 September 2017 
1 
270,583 
708 
Ne! income 
40,015 
other comprehensive i:icome/(loss} 
(4, i 98} 
Dividends .. 
(69,129) 
Ta;: benefit from equity awards 
16 
Capiial i;;on!ribw!icm 
(13) 
Balances as of 29 September 2018 
241,469 
(3,487) 
Net mcome 
35,495 
other comprehensive i:1come/(loss} 
3,f.,46 
Dividends .. 
(196,526} 
Tax benefit from equiiy awards 
16 
Transfer between reserves 
(1) 
21 
(20} 
Bal<moos as of 28 September 2019 
0 
80,459 
155 
;;;;;;;;;;;;;;µ 
Tola! 
shareholde-rs' 
equity 
$'m 
271,292 
40,015 
(4,198} 
(69,i29) 
16 
(13) 
237,983 
35,495 
3,646 
(196,526} 
16 
80,614 
• A llstlng of each ciass of share capttai Is provided In Note 5, "Called up share capltal presented as equity" of the Company 
finandai statements 
•• Dividend per share for 2019 was $19,652,604 (2018: $98,748} 
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
Apple Opem.1ians !r.te,na1ional Limited .12019 Oira~ions' Report and Financi!I! Stawmenls l 22 

Apple Operations International limited 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
Yeamenderl 
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning bal.1mces 
Operating acilvlties: 
Net inoome 
Adjustments to reconcile net Income to cash generated b'jl operating actilll!les: 
Depredation and amortisation 
Deferred irn::ome tax expanse 
Other. 
Changes In operating assets and iiabllltles: 
Accounts receivable; net 
Other owrrerrt and non-current assets 
Accounts payable 
Deferred revenue 
Other61Jfr~nt and oon-qurrent.Habllities 
Cash generated by operating activities 
lnve~lng actlvltle.i.: 
Ptm:hases of market:ible securities 
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 
Proceeds from sales af marketable securities 
Payments for aoqu!sltlon of property, plant and equipment 
Purchases of non-marketable securities 
Proceeds from sales of non-marketable securities 
Other 
Cash genemtoo by Investing activities 
Flnanclng activities: 
Payments for dividends 
Ca,sti • used In financing actlvltles 
Increase In cash and cash equwa!erits 
Cash and cash equiva!en1B, ending balances 
Supplemoo!al cash flow disclosure: 
Cash pald for Income taxes, net 
28 September 
2GUl 
$'m 
15,978 
35.495 
S,340 
2,543 
(434) 
1,648 
144 
(2,531) 
(482) 
(169) 
44,554 
(23,330) 
27,799 
47,362 
(5,493) 
(1,001) 
1,634 
1,061 
48.032 
(91,034) 
(91,034} 
1,552 
17,530 
2,229 
See aooompany!ng notes 10 consolidated flnancla! statements. 
Ar,pl0 Op,m,lians h,tsmalion/ll Llmiied 12019 Directors' Report and Rna11cial Statements 123 
29 September 
2018 
$'m 
15,475 
40,0t5 
7,207 
4,46i 
(676} 
(6,045) 
t,246 
5,990 
(725} 
(305) 
51,168 
(68,449) 
51,929 
44,476 
(7,004) 
(1,871} 
3S3 
(1,012) 
17,522 
{68,187} 
(68,187} 
503 
15,978 
t,418 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Statement of Compliance 
Theconsotidated financial statements of the Group haw been prepared in accordance with IFRS and those parts of the Companies 
Act 2014 applicable to companies reporting under IFRS. 
Basis of Presentation and Preparation 
The consolidated financial statements are presented In U.S. dollars ("$•) whlch Is the Company's func:tlona! and presentatlonai 
etsrrency. The consolidated flnaricial !>'latements, which are rounded to the nearest m!lllon (unless otherwise :staled) have been 
prepared under the historical oost convention, except where assets and liabilities are slated at falr value ln accordance with 
relevant accounting policies. 
The consolidated financial statements are comprised of Apple Operations International Limited and Its subsldiarles. Subsidiaries 
are lm:luded in the Group financial statements from the date on which control over the operating and financing po!icles Is obtained, 
and cease to be oonsoildated from the date on which control !s transferred out of the Group. The Group controls an entily when 
lt Is exposed to, or has the rights to, variable returns from Its involvement with the entlty and has the ab!l!ty to affect those returns 
through Its power over the entity. All lntercompany transactions, balances and unrea!lsed gains on transacllons between Group 
subsidiaries are e~mlnated oi, consoildatlon. 
The Group's financial year Is the 52 or 53 week period that ends on the last Salurday of September. The Group's fiscal years 
2019 and 2018 spanned 52 weeks. 
Refer to Nole 1, ~summary of Slgniflc:ant Accounting Policies" In the Company's financial statements fur detai!S relat\ng to the 
basis of preparation for !he Company. 
All of the subsidiaries Incorporated in Ireland, as set out in Note 2, "Investment In Subsidiaries" of the Company's financial 
statements, have availed of the exempllon under Section 357 of !he Companies Act 2014 from the requiremer1! to annex their 
statutory financial statements to their annual return. 
J!Jdgements and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty 
Management makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future In the preparation of !he consolidated flnanc1al statements 
which can sfgnific:antty lmpaci the reported amounts of assets and !!abilities. The sPgnifPCant estimates and asSl.lmptions used ih 
the preparalion of the C'·.1roup's financlal statements are outtlned in the relevant notes. Actual reS1Jlts could differ materially from 
those estimated. 
Management believes the Group's c:rltlcai accounting po~!es and estimates are those related to revemie recognition, valuation 
of manufacturing-related assets and estimatkm of purchase commilmenl cancellation lees, warranty costs, im::ome taxes and 
legal and other corrtingencies. 
Recent Acco1.mting Pronouncements 
A number of new standards and amendments to standards and Interpretations are effective for annual periods beginning after 
28 September 2019 and have not been applied ln preparing the consolidated financial slatements of the Group, None of the 
standards; are expected to have a material effect on the conso!ldated flnancial statements of the Group, except for the following: 
Leases 
IFRS 16, Leases ("!FAS 16"), introduces a s!ng!e.lessee accounting model, under which the lessee is required to recognise a 
right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying leased asset and a lease Ual:)llity representing lls obllgallon to make 
lease payments. The Group will adopt IFRS 16 for the flscafyear ef!lded 26 September 2020. While the Group ls currently 
evaluating the lmpact of adopting IFRS 16, the G·roup anticipates reoord.ing lease assets and Habilil!es of approximately $3.1 
bilUon on)fa Consolidated Balance Sheets, with no material Impact lo its Conso!ldated Statements of Operations. However, the 
u~Jmate Impact of adoptlng IFRS 16 will depend on the Group's !ease portfolio as of the adoption date. 
Apple Operations lntema1!onal Limited I 2Cl19 Directors' Report and financial Statements I 24 

Apple Operations International limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Revenue 
in 2019 the Group adopted iFRS i5, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which amends the existing accounting standards 
for revenue recognition. The Group adopted the new revenue standard utl!lslng the full retrospective transition method, The Group 
did not restate net sales in the prior periods presented, as adopt!on of the new revenue stam:lard dld not have a mater!ai Impact 
on previously reported amou rrts. 
Net sales oonBist of mvanue from lhe sale of !Phone, Mi:tC, iP;:1d, Sl:!fVices and other products. The Group recognlses revenue 
at the amount to which ~ e:<peci:s to be entlt!ed when control of the products or services is transferred to Its cus!omers. Control 
Is generally tm.rmferred when the Gmup has a prnsent right to payment and t!tle and the slgnificant rls!<s and rewards of ownersh !p 
of products or services are transwrred to !ts customem. For most of U10 Gmup'13, produci:s net sales, control transfers wheri 
products me shlpped. For the Group's services net sa!es, oontmi transfers over tlme as services are delivered, Payrnent for 
products and services net sales Is collected withtn a short period of tlme fo!!owlng transfer of oon1rol or commencement of delivery 
of services, as applicable. 
The Group records reducHons to products net sales related to future product returns, price protoc1ion and other customer lncentive 
pmgrams bagsd on the Group's e:<poctl:rt!orm and historical experience. 
For arrnngements wtth mt.i!tiple perfurmance obHgations, whlch represent promises within an arrangement that are capable of 
being distinct, the Group allocates revenue to ail dlstlnci performance obligaUons based on their relative standaalone selling 
prices ("SSP"), When available, the Group uses observable prices to determine the SSR When observable prlces are riot avallab!e, 
SSPs are emabl!shed that reflect the Group's best estimates of what the seUlng prlces of the performance obHgaikmB wou1cl be 
if they were so!d mgular!y 011 a stand--alor:e basis. The Group's process for estimating SSPs without observable prices considers 
mult1p!e factors that may vary depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation 
including, where applicable, prices charged by the Group for slm!lar offerings, market trends in the pricing rm similar offerings, 
pmduct~spednc business objectives and the estimated cost io provide the performance cb!lgatkin. 
The Group has Identified up to three pertormance ob!!gatlons regular~/ included in arrangements lnvohtlng the sale of IPhone, 
Mac, iPad and certain other products, The first performance obligation, which represents the substantial portion of the allocated 
sales price, Is the hardwme and bundled sof!:wam dsliV!:lred at the time of sale. The second performance obligation is the right 
to receive certain pmduct-rela1ed bundled services, which im::!ude iC!oud, Sid and MapB, The third performance obligation is the 
right to reoolve, on a wher:-a11d-if-avallable basls1 Mure unspecified software upgrades relating to the software bundled with 
each device. The Group allocates revenue and any related dlsoounis to these peffurmanr-...e obllgat.lons based on their relatlve 
SSPs. Because the Group lacks observable prlces fur the undallvsred performance obl!gatkms, the allocation of revenue ls 
baood on tr:e Group's estimated SSPs, Revenue lt!located to the delivered hardware and bundled sofiwam is recognised when 
control has trarmferred to the cwstomeri which generally occurs when the product !s shipped, Revenue allocated to the ptodtici~ 
re!ated bundled services and unspecified software upgrade rlghts is deferred and recognised on a stmight-!!ne basis over the 
estimated period they are expec1ed to be provided. Coot of sales related to deHvered hardware and bundled software, including 
estimated warranty costs, are recognised at the time of sale" Costs incurred to provide product-related bundled services and 
unspecified software upgrade rights are recognised as cost of sales as incurred. 
Fm the sale of third-party products where the Group obh:tins control of the product before transferring It to the customer, the 
Group recogn !ses raven ua based on the gross amount bl lled to customers. The Group considens multlple ra.ciors when determ In lng 
whether it obtalns contra! of third-party pmducts including, but not nmited to, evaluating rf ~ has the abmty to establish the price 
of the prcduc.1, mt.a.Ins inventory risk fur tangible products or has the responsibility fur ensurlng acceptab!IH:y of the product. For 
th!rd~party applications soid through the App Store, Mac App Store, TV A.pp Store and Watch App Store and certain digital content 
sold through the Group's other digital content stores, the Gmwp does not obtain con!ro! of the pmdm;t before transferring rt to 
the customer. Therefore, the Group accounts for such sales on a net basis by recognising in services net sales onlyH1e commission 
it retains, 
The Group records revenue net of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities, with the collected 
taxes recorded within other current nabllitles unrn rammed to the relevant government authority. 

Apple Operations International limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 1 - Summary cf Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
Share-Based Compensation 
The Group generally measures shara,based compensation based on the closing price of Apple lnc.'s common stock on the date 
of grant, and recognises expense on a straight-fine basls for Its estimate of equity awards that will ultimately vest. Further 
information regarding share-based compensation can be found ln Note 5, "Share-Based Compensation': 
I tlCOIOO Taxes 
The tncome tax expense or credit for the pariodJs the tax payable on the current period's taxable income based on the applicable 
income tax rate fur each jurisdlciion adjusted by changes In defQ!!rred lax assets and !lab!llties attributable to temporary differences 
and to unused tax losses. 
The current Income tax charge is calt:mlatad an the basls of the lax laws enacted or substanlively enacted at the end of the 
reporting period in the countries where the Group's subsldlarles operate and generate taxable income. Management perkKfoally 
evaluate positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations fa which applicable tax regulation is subject to Interpretation. It 
establishes provisions where appropria.te on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities. 
Deferred tax Is recognised in re:spectof all temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their 
carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements of the Group except where the deferred tsx arises from lnitlal recognition 
of an asset or liablllty In a transaction other than a business oombinatlon that at the time of the transaction affects neither 
accounling nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred lax Is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially 
enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected lo apply when the related deterred tax asset ls realised or the 
deferred tax liablllty is settled. 
Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utmse those temporary 
dlfl'erences and !ossas. 
Deferred t.ax assets andllablllties are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of 
Investments In foreign operalions where the Group !sable to oontrol the tlmlng of the reversal of the temporary dlfferences and 
it Is probable !hat the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 
Deferred tax assets and llablliltes are offset when there Is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and llabillt1es 
and when the deferred tax balances relate to !he same taxation aul.horily. Current tax assets and tax !rabilltles are offset where 
the entily has a legally enforceable right to offset and Intends either to settle on a net basis, or to rea!lse the asset and settle the 
llabl!ity simultaneously. 
Uncertain tax positions are evaluated ln a two-step process. The Group first determines whether iUs more likely than nol that a 
tax position wrn be sustained upon examinatlon. If a lax position meets the more likely than not recognlt!on threshold it is then 
measured to determine the amount of benefit lo recognise In the financial statements. The tax position Is measured as the single 
best estimate. 
Currant and deferred tax Is recognised In the Conoolldated Statements of Operations, except to the extent that It relates to items 
rewgn!.sed in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income or di.rectly in the ConsoHdated Statements of Shareholders' 
Equ!ty. In this case, the tax Is also recognised In the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income or directly In lhe 
Consolklated Staiements of Shareholders' Equity, respectively. 
Apple Operations International Lim!tad 12019 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 2fl 

F!nancla.i lnstrumi,mts 
(a) RecogfliUon 
Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The Growp classifies Its flnarmial Instruments ln the following categories: at falr value through prom and ioss ("FVTPL'.'.}r-aUs!r 
value through other comprehens~;e lnoome ("FVTOC!") or at amortlsed cost. The Group determines the classlflcat!on of fkmncla! 
assets at !nitiai recognition. The classrrication of debt l11strwme11ts is driven by the Group's business made! for managing the 
financial assets and thelr oor:tmci:uai cash flow characteristics. For other equity instruments, on the day of acquls!tlon, the Group 
can make an irrevocable eiecilon {on an instrument-by-lnstrument basle) to designate them as m FVTOCL F!mmdaJ HabiHties 
are measured at amort!sed cost. wn!ess they are required to be measured at FVTPL (such as 1nstruments held for trading or 
derivatives) or the Group has opted to measure Hmm at FVf PL. 
(b) Measurement 
Rnancia! assets at FV"fOCI 
Flnancia! assets at Pi/TOG! are initially recognised at fair va!ue pius trar:sactkm costs. Swbseqwently, they are measured at fair 
value, with galris and losses ar!slng from chariges !n fair vaiue recognised in the Consolldated Statements of Comprehensr.1e 
!ncome, 
F!m.i.ncia! assets and !JaMfties at ammtised coat 
Flnanc:ial 1:msets ;~r:d ffabll~les at amortised cost are Initially recognised ai falr value and subsequently carded at amortised cost 
less any Impairment 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise of cash balances, call deposits and deposits wlth original maturity of three months or !ess, 
Rnancial assets and !iablflties at Fl/TPL 
Rnancia! assets and !iablltties at FVTPL are !nitlal!y recorded at fulr value and transac.1ion costs are expens~d ln the Consr.)i!dated 
Statements of Operat!on:si. Realised aMd tmrealised gains and losses ar1s1ng from changes In the fair va!ue of financial assets 
and Habi!ities held at FVTPL are included in the Conso!klated Statements of Operations in the period In which they ar1ss, 
{c) Impairment of financial assets at amortised cost and FVTOC! 
The Group recognises a loss allm.r,;ance for expected credit losses on financ1al assets thai are measured at amortised cost and 
Pi/TOG!. 
At each reporting date, the Group measures the loss altowanca for the flnanciaJ asset at an amount equal to the !lfeUme e:<pecied 
cn:idlt losses if the credrt risk on the financial asset has increased significantly slnca initial recognition, if at the reporting date, 
the t1nanclal asset has not Increased slgniflcant1y since !nltlal recognition, the Group measures the !OS$ a!!awarn::C:$ for the flm:mc!al 
asset at an amount equal to twelve month expected credit losses. 
Impairment losses on financial assets am reversed ln subsequent periods if the amount of the loss decreases and the decrease 
can be objectively related to ari event occurring after ths lmpa!rmerit was recognised. 
(d) DeHecognitlon 
Armnclal a,i'sets· 
The Group de-recognises ftnanda! assets only when the contmciua! rights to cash flows from the financial assets expire, or 
when 1t transfers the finandal assets and substafltla!iy all the associated risks and rewards of owrisrship to another entity. Gains 
and losses on de-recognition are mcogn!sed ln the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
Financial JlabllltJes 
The Group de-recognises flnanciai !iab!llt!es only when its obligations under the financial l!abmtles are discharged, cancelled or 
explmd. The difference between the carrylng amount of the financial !!abiltty de-recognised and the consideration paid and 
payable, inciud!ng any non-cash assets transferred or Uabl!lt!es assumed, is recognised in the Consoildated Statements of 
Operations. 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 1 - Summary of Significant Acc01..mling Pallciesi (continued) 
Finariciai Instruments (continued) 
DenVative Rnancfal lnstroments 
The Group accounts for its derivative Instruments as either assets or liabilities and carries them at falr value, 
For derivative Instruments !hat hedge !he exposure to variabmty in expected furure cash flows that are designated as cash !low 
hedges, the eifec!hte portion of the gain or loss on the derivative Instrument ls reported as a component of other comprehensive 
income ("()Cl") in the Consolidated Statements of Shareholder's Equity and reclassified Into the Consolidated statements of 
Operations in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The Ineffective portion of the 
gain or loss on the derivative Instrument, if any, Is recognised in the Consolidated statements of Operatlonsfo the current perlod. 
To recelve hedge ac:oountlng treatment, cash !low hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash 
flows on hedged transactions. For options designated as cash flow hedges, changes In the time valtie are excluded from the 
assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
For derivative lnstruments that hedge the exposure to changes In foreign curroocy E>x.hange rates used for !ranslatlon of the net 
investment ln a foreign operation and that are designated as a net lnvas!ment hedge, the net gain or loss on the effective portion 
of the derivatrve l11strnme11t is reported In the same manner as a foreign currency tran~atlon adjustment. For forward exchange 
contracts designated as nel investment hedges, the Group excludes ctianges infair value relating to changes In the forward 
carry component from· its definition of eltec!lveness. Accordlngiy, any gains or losses related to this forward carry component are 
recognised in earnings In the current period. Derivatives that do not qualify as hedges are adjusted lo fa!rvalue through earnings 
in the current period. 
Fair Value Measurements 
The Group's valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of money market funds are derived from quoted prices In acttve 
markets for ldentical assets or llabrnties. The valuation !echrHques used to measure the fair value of the Group's debt Instruments 
and otherflnanclal instruments, which generally have counterpart!as with high credit ratings, are based on quoted market prices 
or model-driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.. 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment ls recognised on a stralght•!lne basis over the estimated useful lives of the asse!s, 
which for buildings Js the lesser of 30 years or the remaining life of the underlying building; belween ooe and five yeara for 
machinery and equipment, Including product tooling and manufaciurlng process equipment; and the shorter of lease lerm or 
useful life fur leasehold impr011emenls. Gapltailsed costs related to lntemal-use sollware are amortised on a straight-llne basis 
over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from three to five years, 
W'arl'lll!nty Costs 
The Group accrues for the estimated cosi of warranties ln the period the related revenue is recognised based on historical and 
project.eel w-,manly claim rates, historical and proJecied cost per claim and knowledge of specific p.roduci failures that are outside 
of the Group's typical exper~nce. The Group regularly reviews these estimates and adjusts the amounts as necessary. If actual 
product failure rates or repair costs differ from estimates, revisions to the estlmated warranty l!abilt!es would be required. 
Operating Leases 
Payments made under operating leases are charged to the Consolidated Statemenls of OperalloJ'I'.; on a stmight-llne basis over 
lhe period of the lease. 
Apple Opera!!ons lntemalional Limited 12019 Direclora' Report and Financial Statements I 28 

Apple Opemt!ons International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 2 - Other Stati.rt1:1ry Information 
Auditors' Remuneratlcri 
The following table shows !he fees• paid to the independent auditor in 2019 and 2018: 
Audit of Rnancilll Statamentn 
Other />.asuriu-ice Sal'\/ices: 
·1a:<eAd1.1iao_iy.Sarvlr.ei~•··•••···. 
•This excludes audllors' remunem!ion borne by Apple !nc. on behalf of the Group. 
Staff Numbers and Costa 
Tha ftillowlng table shows the payroll costs incurred in 2019 and 2018: 
. 
28 &!ptember 
201f:l 
29 September 
2018 
$'000 
$'CHIO 
vvn w 
lit 
1111 
831 
4-71 
146 
142 
625 
475 
1,602 
1,088 
V11imrs e111:irul 
Wages and S..!ari0e 
Socis.! Walfare i::o!rt& 
Shara based paymenm (Nom 5, "Shaia-l3JS.JSed Camp!lns:a.ticm'') 
Paneiion costs 
The Group had approximately 47,337 average full Ume equivalent emp!eyees for 2019 {2018; 43,325), 
$'m 
2,822 
378 
848 
150 
4.H:18 
.l\pple (.lperatimm lntemaliona! Limited 12019 Directors' f-lepoitand Rna.ncial Sta.tamante I 2!l 
$'m 
2,746 
348 
731 
139 
3,964 
,..,,,,.,..,..,.. l! H! 

Apple Operations lnternatiana.l Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 4 - Consolidated Financial Statement Details (continued) 
Accounts payable 
Trade payables 
Amounts owed lrl Ultimate Parent (Nola 10, "Related Party Transactions") 
Amounts owed.lrl olher Apple related par1les (Note 10, "Relal&d PartyTrarmacfions') 
other incomef(expense),net 
Interest Income 
Olher /ncomeJ(expanse} 
Note 5 - Sh11u"&Based Compensation 
As o1' 28 
As of 29 
September 
September 
2019 
2018 
$'m 
$'m 
22Jl5B 
24,1)27 
4,352 
3,846 
991 
2,796 
~7.899 
30,669 
Years endl!d 
28 September 
201111 
29 Septembl!!' 
2018 
$'m 
$'m 
3,029 
5,493 
607 
(471) 
3,636 
5,022 
As of 28 September, 2019, the Gmup's Ultimate Parent had employee benefit plans relevant to the Qroup: the 2014 Employee 
Stock Plan, and the Employee Sloc:k Purchase Plan. Under these plans, the Group's Ultimate Parent issues shares of Apple lnc. 
upon vesting of restricied stock units ("FISUs'}, or the employees' purdiase or shares under the plans. The issuance of shares 
Is undertaken solely by Apple Inc .. The re!evarrt employee benefit plans are summarised as follows: 
2014 Employee Stock Plan 
In the second quarter of 2014, Apple shareholders approved the 2014 Empk¥te Stock Plan (the "2014 Plan"). The 2014 Plan 
provides ft)r broad-based equity grants to employees, Including executive officers, and permits the granting of RSUs, stock grants, 
performance-based awards, stock options and stock appreciation rights, as we!I as cash bonus awards. RSUs granted under 
the 2014 Plan generatly vest over four years, based on continued employment, and are settled upon vesting ln shares of Apple 
common stock on a ooe-for,one basis. RSUs granted under the 2014 Plan reduces the number of shares available for grant 
under the plan by a factor oftwo tlmes !he number of RSUs granted. RSUscancel!ed and shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding 
obl!gat!ons increase the numbef of shares available for grant under the 2014 Plan utillsing a factor of two tlmes the number of 
RSUs cancelled or shares with held. Currently, all RSUs granted under the 2014 Plan have dividend equivalent rights ("DERs"), 
which entil!e holders of RSUs to lhe same dividend value per share as hoklers of common stock. DE Rs are subject to the same 
vesting and other terms and conditions as the corresponding unvested RSUs. DERs are accumulated and paid when the 
miderlylng shares vest. 
Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
The Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Purchase Plan''} ls an Apple shareholder-approved plan under which substanUally all 
employees may purohase Apple oommon stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market 
values of the stock as of the beginning or the end of six-month offering periods. An employee's payroll deductions under the 
Purchase Plan are limited to 10% of the employee's oompensatlon and employees may not purchase more than $25,000 of stock 
during any calendar year. 
Appia Operations lntamational. Limited 12019 Directors' Report and Financial Staiemants I 31 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Ne.I sales disaggregated by products and services for 2019 and 2018 vvere as follows: 
Vaars erl!:IE!d 
PmdLicts l1) 
Services 12'! 
Tcta!cletsalas t31 
28 September 
2019 
$'m 
119,606 
21,386 
14D.,992 
29Se~mber 
2018 
$'!'!'I 
'136,831 
19,001 
155,832 
(1) 
Product& nai sales include amortisalion of the dafimed value rJf unspeci~ad softWare upgrade rights, which aia bundled in tha sales 
p~ca of the mspactllls prnd.ict 
(2) Servicmi net a!!.11111 include salas from 1he Grotip's digital r.m,lenl storss and streaming servlcss, ApplsCara, Apple Pay, and othar 
ssc1vicas. Servicsa net sales e.lso Include amortisation ofths defum,d vaius of Mape, Slrl and free iClouct san.~i:im, which are bundled 
in the, sales pnee of certain producta. 
(3) 
Includes $2.6 billion and $3, 1 billion of re1tenue recogrJsad In 2019 and 2018, mspectiveiy, that was included fn deferred revenue at 
the beginning of each respective year, 
As of 2019 and 2018, ths Company had tolai deferred revenue of $3.3 billion and $3.8 bllilon, respectf'leo/. As of 2019, the 
Company expects $2.3 billion of total deferred revenue to be realised In less than a year, and $1.0 billion greater than one year. 
Note 4 - Consolidated Flnam::iai Statement Details 
T!,e following !ables show lhe consolidated fimmclal statement details of the Group as of 28 September 2019 and 29 September 
2018: 
A!! crl 29 
Allof23 
September 
September 2019 
2018 
$'m 
S'm 
Trade mce~1ables 
12,478 
13,237 
1/lmdm non-trm:le rscRl\.lehloo 
10,443 
11,350 
Arnounm owed !mm Ullimate Parent {Note HJ, •f111!w.er.f Party Transaci/Ons") 
1,843 
1,640 
Amounts ()Wed from other Apple relatad partial! (No~ 10, "flala'!Gd Party Tm.r,m,i:tions'i 
581 
570 
25,345 
27,007 
/\pp!a Operations lnternai!onal Um,tad 12mg D:ractom' RepGrt and Rnandal Stat.mi,mts I ao 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 5 - Share-Based Compensation (continued) 
Restricted Stock Unlt11 
A summary of tile Group's ASUs granted and related information for 2019 and 2018 is as follows: 
Years ended 
28 September 2019 
29 5ep'lembll!!f 2018 
Weighted-
Weighted· 
Average 
Average 
Grant Oat& 
Grant Date 
Number of 
Fafr 
Number of 
Faif 
ASUa 
Value Per 
RSUs 
Value Per 
(in thousands) 
RSU 
(in thousands) 
RSU 
Restricted Stock Unim gran1ed 
4,412 
$ 
21fl.85 
5,809 
$ 
162,40 
Share~Based Compensation Expense 
The share-based compensation expense Included !n the Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2019 ls $848 million (2018: 
$731 million). 
Note 6 - Provision far Income Taxes 
Toe major components of income tax for the years ended 28 September 2019 and 29 September 2018 are: 
Climlflt income mx; 
Corporation tax charge 
Change ll'1 estimates rmamd to prior yea1s 
Tofal current Income lmr 
Dafairm.i incoma tax; 
Oiig!nalion and 1BW111Sal of temporary d!ffemnces 
Employee share-based payments 
Change in el!!l!rnat.ss related to prior yaa113 
Total deferred lncoma tax 
Provision for !ncoma ~s 
Years em.led 
26September 
29September 
20111 
2018 
____ .....,. 
$'m 
!ii',n 
-----
3,348 
:mo 
3,646 
2,715 
l1 
(163) 
2,543 
6,191 
1,847 
356 
2,203 
4,734 
(16) 
(257) 
4,461 
6,664 
l\ppla Operalions lntama1ionaJ Limited I 2018 Direc1ms' Report and Rnandal Stat.aments I 32 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 6 - Provision for Income Tll.l!:es (continued) 
The fo!lowing table shows the reconclllatlor, of income tax to accounting profit mu!11plied by the applicable tax rate for 2019 and 
2018: 
Income before provision fur income laxes 
Tax cha;ga at the appl!cabie tax ra.1!'.I of 12.5% 
Expansoo nm dad\Jmible tm lex purpooos 
Differem:as in effec~ve twr ,a.tea on owrseas aarninge 
Change rn estimates related 10 prior years 
Other 
Provision for incomei taxes 
41,686 
5,211 
1.19 
352 
117 
422 
6,191 
46,679 
5,635 
44 
150 
00 
536 
6,664 
The corporate income taxes reported in the Conso!!datad Statements of Operallons, Balance Shee!s, and Statements of Gash 
Flows do not Include U.S.-level corporate laxes borne by Apple Inc. 
The Group's deferred tax assets are analysed as follows: 
Ai o(30 Sepwmbiii 20w 
Tax charged to Iha Commfidated SMaments of Operalion!I 
Troi chargsd to !:ha ConaaK1:h'1tad S!alan1anw of Comprahensilie Income 
Tax charged to 1ha Comm!idatad StatfJments of Shareho!ds1s' Equity 
AB of 2!! Saplamber 21JW 
Tax charged to ths Cr.moolklalad Slatemants of Operations 
Tax charged to the C/Jnsolh:latad St~tements of comt,ianenall/a lncoma 
Tl:1X charged lo the Consolldat!!d Stawmsnt!I o! Shareholders' Equity 
Aa of 26 Saptsmber 201!! 
Intra Oiro~p 
tran1,1.1etfooa 
$'m 
18,211 
(4}367) 
13,844 
(3,236) 
10,608 
Other 
$"m 
3,128 
(94) 
(103) 
(136) 
2,795 
693 
120 
3,600 
Appia Opara.lions inwmational Limited 12019 Diret!ms' Report and Financial Staiemenls i :le'! 
Total 
$'m 
21,339 
(4,461) 
(103) 
{136} 
16;639 
{2,543) 
120 
14,216 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Nate 6 - Provision for Income Tues (continued) 
Uncertain tax position: 
The Group classifies tax benefits that are not expecied to resu~ In payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current 
Yabttitles il'lthe Consoiklated Balance Sheets. 
The changes in the balance of gross tax benefits, for 2019 are as follows: 
Carrying amount at beginning of year 
Increases dl.mng Ille yaa.1 
Decreases during the year 
Carrying amount at end of year 
Aaof28 
~ptember 
2019 
$'m 
2;~2 
1,830 
{321) 
4,441 
The Group is subject to taxation and files income tax returns in many jurisd!ciions. The Group is subiecl to audits by local and 
foreign tax authorities. 
The Group belleves that an adequale provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. 
However, the outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. if any issoos addressed in lhe Grollp's tax alldtts are 
resolved in a manner not com#stent with Its expectations, the Group COlJl!:I be required to a~Just Its provision for income taxes 
1!1 lhe period such reso!uiion occurs. 
On 30 August 2016, the European Commission announced its decision that Ireland granted Siate aid to the Group by providing 
tax opinions In 1991 and 2007 concerning the tax allocation of profits of the Irish branches of two subsidiaries of the Group (the 
"State Aid Decision''). The State Aid Decision ordered Ireland to calculate and recover addil!onai taxes from the Group for the 
period June 2003 through December 2014. The reoovery amount was calculaled to be €13.1 b!Uion, plus interest of €1.2 bUi!on. 
On an annual basis, the rel6'11ant subsidiaries of the Group may request approval from the Irish Minister for Finance to reduce 
the recovery amount for certain taxes paid to other countr!es. As of 28 September 2019, 1he adjusted recovery amount was €12.9 
bllll.on. Irish legislative changes, effective as of J~rnu,uy 2015, elim!nated the application of the tax opinions from that date forward. 
The Group believes lhe Slate Aid Decision to be without merit and appealed to the General Court of the Court of Justice of the 
European Unlon. Ireland has also appealed the Slate Aid Dec;ls1on. As of 28 September 2019, the adjusted recovery amount 
plus interest was funded into escrow, where it will remain restricted from general use pending conclusion of all appeals. Refer 
to Note 7, "Rnanclal Risk Management and Flnanc!l:11 Instruments" for more Information. 
/\pple Ope1allons International Limited 12018 Directorn' Report and Financial Statements 134 

Apple Operations lnternationeJ Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 7 - Financial Risk Management and Flnancia! Instruments 
The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks that include interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, liquidity risk, 
credit risk and price risk. These flnancial risks are aclively managed by Apple lnc.'s Treasury Depmtrnem on behalf of the Group 
under strict policies and guidelines. The Treasury Department monitors market conditions with a view to minfrnlslng the exposure 
of the Group to changing market factors while at the ssme time minimising the volatility of the rundlng costs or the Group. The 
Group uses derivative financial instrnments such as foreign currency contracts lo manage the financial risks associated with the 
underlying business activities of !he Group, 
Ce.sh, Ce.sh Equ!va!ents, Marketable and Non-Marketable Securities 
The Group classlfles Its marketable deb! securities as el!her shorHerm or long-term based on each instrument's underly!ng 
contractual maturity date. Cash and cash equivalents comprise of cash balances, call deposits and deposits with odglnal ma!Wrlly 
of three months or lass. 
The following tables show the Group's cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and non-marketable securities by signillcim! 
lnves1ment category for 2019 and 20i8: 
Flr.anr.ia! asast.s a1 amortised cost: 
Ca.sh 
Flnam::lal assets at fair 11aJ1Je ihmugh profit or 
loss: 
Mcnay rriarkat funds m 
Non-marketable asr.;1Jrlties ,.!lioJ 
Subtotal 
Financial assets at lair value 1hrough other 
comprahenalw Income: 
U.S. Trsasu ry sscwilles (2, 
U,S. agency secur!tlaa t"I 
Nim-U.S. govemm1ml aacuriiiea 121 
Cartiflcams of dtipos!t and !!me depo!'l1lll (,:; 
Commercial paper t'l 
Corporate sm::uritles Ill 
Mortgage- and a'!lsat-had<:ed secu1i1ies i2l 
Sublet.al 
Tolal (•l 
Adjustl1!d 
Cos1 
$'m 
9,011 
5,739 
2,588 
8,327 
14,072 
1,480 
13,345 
1.768 
89 
13,269 
5,448 
49,42'! 
67,559 
Fair 
Value 
$'m 
9,011 
5,739 
2,85B 
6,595 
14,028 
1.478 
13,393 
1.76B 
:m 
13.257 
5,38B 
49,349 
67,755 
A.a cf 26 Septembm- 2019 
C!!!!!hand 
Short-Term 
Lang-Term 
C11sh 
Marketable 
Marketable 
Equ!wk!nts 
Sec!.!r!tlee11 
Securtt!e!I 
$'I'll 
$'m 
$'m 
1:1,611 
5,739 
6,562 
7.466 
295 
722 
<lfl"I 
2,329 
11,064 
1,685 
B3 
39 
B,849 
4.408 
811 
4,575 
1,900 
1!:1,395 
27,974 
17,530 
19,395 
27Jl74 
~~=m~:mmmm:::a 
Apple Operations lnt.emalional Limited! 2019 Dimclers' Report and Financial Statements I 35 
Other non-
eun-ent 
!!!8!81!!!!1: 
$'m 
2,858 
2,658 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 7 ° Financial Risk Management and Financial Instruments (continued) 
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Marketable and Nol"l•Marketable securities (continued) 
As of 28 September 2018 
Adjusted 
Fair 
Cash end 
Short-Term 
Long-Term 
Cost 
Value 
Cash 
Mwket.able 
Marketable 
Equivalents 
Securltl1111 
Securities 
, -
-Mr-m-
MMM .. i,,;;,-
S'm 
$'m 
$'m 
Flnancla! assets at amortised cost 
Cash 
a.aoa 
9,808 
9,808 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
toss: 
Money market funds ;:,1 
5,381 
5,381 
5,381 
Non-marketable securities,~ 
1,727 
2,116 
S!Jblalal 
7,108 
7'497 
5,381 
Financial assets at lair value through other 
comprehenaiva lncoma: 
U.S. Treasury securtties ~ 
41,808 
40,657 
5,846 
34,811 
U.S. agency securities;,; 
2,351 
2,305 
97 
360 
1,848 
Non-u.a government secuntias _i-i 
21,496 
21.,296 
3,354 
17,942 
Cer1i1ica1Bs of deposit and llme deposits ..r, 
2,421 
2,421 
6813 
1,239 
498 
Commercial. paper!~ 
916 
918 
5 
910 
Corporata securllles ~ 
120,325 
116,489 
24,434 
94,055 
Mortgage- and asoot-bar.ked secwities -~ 
18,10.'i 
17,491 
804 
16,687 
'''""' ---
"""" lilri,,-
Subtotal 
207,422 
203,575 
789 
36,947 
185,839 
Tolal(~i 
224,338 
220.880 
15,978 
36,947 
165,839 
(1} Laval 1 fair value asal!ma.tes are based on quoted prlces in active ma.rkei!I !or ldentioal assets or lisbi!ities. 
(2) 
Level 2 fair llil.lue asl!mall3s am based on ooservab!a inputs other 1han quelled prices in active ma.rksts for ldsn1lc:s.i asa.els 
and lla.bl§tles, quolad pilces for Identical or simHa.r assets or llablllties In lnacliw marlmm, or other inpt.im that am oboorvab!a 
or can be cartoboratad by observable market data mr substan~aily the ful: ie-m1 of 1ha assets or Ual.J!!lties. 
(3) 
Leval 3 fair value ast!ma1:9s ara based on !npU!s 1hat are unobservable. 
(4) 
As of 28 Seplembar 2019, total cash, cash equivsients and marketable sscuritiaslnci!Jded $'18.9bn (2015: $20.3bn) that was 
Other 
non• 
curmnt 
MSe'l!I 
$'m 
2,116 
2,116 
2,116 
ras!rk\tecl from general uaa. related to the StateA!cl Decision tooe Nots 6, "Provil!ilon for !rn:ome Taxes') and otherngmements. 
The Group's valuation techniques used lo measure the fair value of money market funds are derived from quoted prices in active 
markets for identk:al assets or liabilities. The valuation techniques used to measure !he fair value of the Group's debt Instruments 
and other financial lnstr!Jments which generally have counter parties w!.th high credit ratings, are valued based on quoted market 
prices or model-driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. The Group 
may sell rerlain of its marketab~ debt securitias prlorto their stated maturities ror reasons ,frlcluding, but not l!mlted to, managing 
\lquidlty, credit risk, duration and asset allocation. The maturities of the Group's long,term marketable debt securities generally 
range from one to five yearn. The non-market.able securitles held at FVTPL consist of investments .in prlvale!y held companies. 
The fu!r value of the non-marketable securities were derived from observable transactions for ldentlcai or siml!ar assets or modet.: 
driven valuations. 
Apple Operallons International Um11m!J 2019 Dimctom' Report and Flnandal Statements l 36 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Interest RaHe and Foreign Currency Risk Ma.na.gemen@ 
The Group regularly reviews !is fomlgn exchange forward and option positions and interest rate swaps, both on a stand-alone 
b,ssls and in conjunction with its under!ying foreign currency and interest rate exposures, Given the effeciwe hor!zom, of the Group's 
risk management a.clh.>~1es and the arrt!clpatory nature cf the exposures, there can be no assurance these positrons wm offset 
mom than a portlon of the financial impact resulting from movements !n eithar foreign exchange or interest rates. Further, the 
recognition of the gains and !os:srn) relaled io these instruments may not coincide with the tlmlng of gains and losses related to 
the lmder!ylng economic exposures and, therefore, may a.d;;ersely affeci the Group's flr;ancia! condition and opemt!ng results. 
interest Rate Ri~k 
The Group's eipcsms to changes !n interest ra~es reiates prlmari!y to the Group's rrwestment por1fulio, While the Group is exposed 
to global !nterest rate fluctuations, the Group's iriterest !ncome Is most sensitive to fluctuations ln U.S. interest rates, Ct!ariges In 
U,S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the Group's ca.sh, cash equivalents and marketable securities and the fair value 
of those securities, as well as costs associated with hedging. 
The Group's investment poi icy and strategy are focused on preservation ofoaplta! and supporting the Group's Hquldity requirements. 
The Group uses a comb!nation m internal and external management to execute its investment strategy and ach !e\le its Investment 
objectives. The Group 1:yplcaHy Invests in highly-rated secmitles, with the primary objective of minimising the potential risk of 
principal loss, The Group's Investment po!!cy generally requkoo k1vootments to be Investment gmde and !lmlts the amount of credit 
exposure to ariy one issuer. To provide a mean!ngful assessment otthe f ;1temst rnite risk associated wtth the Group's lnvestment 
portfo!io1 the Group performed a senslt~;ity arm!ycJ!s to determine the impact a change in Interest rates would have on the value 
of the investment portfo!!o assuming a 100 basis po!rit parallel shtft iri the yield curve. Based on investment poslt!ons as of 28 
September 2019 and 29 Septembes;r 2018, a hypothetical 100 basis point Increase In lntere$i rates acmss aH maturities would 
result !11 ~ $305 mi!lion and $4.7 bll!ion Incremental decline in the fair market value or the portfolio, respeciively" Such losses would 
on!y be rea!lsed !t tha Group sold the investments prior to maturity, 
Foreig~ Ctarrency Fl:!sk 
in general, the Group Is a net receiver of currencies other tM,::.n U.S. dollar, Accordlngly, changes Jn e~hange rates, and in particular 
a strengthening of the U,So doliar wrn negath1ely affect the Group's net sales and gross margins as e:o:prnssed in U.S. do!lars,There 
!s a risk that the Group wm have to adjust local currency product pr1dng due to competilive presm.ues when there Mas bean 
significant volati!l1:y !n foreign currency exchange rates. 
The Group may enter into foreign cummcy forward and opHon contrncts with financial ins'titut!ons to protect against foreign exchange 
risks assodatect with certain e>:lstlng assets and liabllitles, certain f!rrniy oommltted transactions, forecasted future rash fiO'l!VS and 
net !nvl.:.l$tments in fore lg n subs Id lar!es,The Group genera.Hy hedges portions of lts forecasted foreign currency exposure aswd,:i.ted 
wlth revenue and inventory purchases, typlca!iy for up to 12 months, However, the Group may choose not to hedge certain foreign 
el!.-change e:icposures for a variety of reasons, induding but not limited to, accounting considerations or the pmhiblHve economic 
cost of hedging particular e:it:posures, 
To pmvlde a mean lngfu! assessment of the foreign currency r!::ik asoor:1ated w!th certain of the Group's foreign currency derivative 
positions~ the Group performed a sensitivity analysis using a va1ue-at-rlsk {''VAR"} mrnfol to assess the potent!a! impact of 
fluctuations ln er.change rntes, The VAR mode! consisted of using a Monte Carlo slmu!atlon to generate H1oummds of random 
market price paths assuming 11mrm~I market conditlons. The VAR is the maximum expected toss 1n fair .....a!ue, for a g1ven confidence 
interval, to the Group's foreign currency derivative positions due to adverse movemen1s In rates, The VAR mode! ls not Intended 
to represent actual losses but is used as a dsk estimation and management toot Fmecasted transactions, firm commitments and 
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign r.wrern:;ies were excluded from the modeL Based on the msu!fa of the model, the 
Group estimates with 95'%, confidern::e, a maximum one-day loss in ralr value of $41'1 m!lllon as of 28 September 20i9 compared 
to a maximum onEt-day loss in fair value of $540 mmion as af 29 September 20i8. Because the Group uses foreign currency 
instruments for hedging purposes, the losses ln fair value lncurred on those instruments an:} generally offset by increases in tlie 
fair value of the underlying me.posures. 
Actual future gains and losses associated with the Group's investment portfolio and derivative positions m1:i.y dlffer mater!a!ly from 
the sensUlvrty anatyses perfmmed as of 28 September 2019 due to the Inherent llmitatlorn; associated with predicting the tlmlng 
and amount of changes In interest rates, foreign currency e:in::hange rates and the Gmup's ac;ua! exposures and positions, 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 7 • Financial Risk Management and Financial Instruments (continued) 
Price Risk 
Future operating results depend upon the Group's ab<:'lity to obtain components In sufficient quantities on commerclally reasonable 
terms. 
Because the Group currently obtains certain components from single or limited sources, the Group Is subject to significant supply 
and pril::lng risks. Many components, Including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subjeci to industry-
wide shortages and s!g 111ficant commodity prlcing fluctuations that cou Id materially adversely affect the Group's financial condition 
and operating results. While the Group has entered into agreements for the supply of many components, there can be no assurance 
that the Group will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or at a!I, Component suppliers may suffer from 
poor financial conditions, which can lead to business fai!Mre for the supplier or oonso!ldatlon within a particular Industry, further 
!imltlng the Group's ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms. 
The effects of global or regional economic conditions on the Group's suppliers could affect the Group's ability to obtain components. 
Therefore, the Group remains subjecl to signrflcant risks of supply shortages and price increases that could materially adversely 
affect its financial condition and operating results. Toe Group's new products often utilise custom components available from only 
one source. When a component of product uses new technologies, initial capacity conslralnts may exist until the suppliers yields 
have matured or their manufacturing capacities have lncrease,d. The continued availability of these components at acceptable 
prices, or at an, can be affected for any number of reasons, Including If those suppliers declde to concentrate on the productlon 
of common oomponents instead of components customised to meetthe Group's requirements. If the Group's supply ofcomponents 
for a new or existing product were delayed or constrained, or if an oulsourc:ing partner delayed shfpments of comP!eted producis 
to the Group, the Group's financial oondi!ion and operating results could be materially advetsely affected.The Group's business 
and financial performance could also be materially adversely affected depending on the time required to obtain sufficient quantities 
from the original source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quanttties from an altemaUve sQuroe. 
Liquidity Risk 
The Group believes Its eidsUng balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities wUI be sufficient to satisfy lls working 
capital needs, capital asset purchases and other llqu!dtty requirements associated with its existing operations over the next 12 
months. 
In connection with the Stale Aki Decision, as of 28 September 2019, the adjusted recovery amount of €12.9 billion plus Interest 
of €t2 billion was funded !n1o escrow, where It will.remain restricted from general use pending conc!uslon of all appeals. 
As of 28 September 2019 and 29 September 2018, the Group's cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $64.9 
bHllon and $218.8 bi.ijion, respectively, and are generally based in U.S. dollar-denomlnated holdings. 
The Group's investment portfolio is primarily invested in highly-rated securities with lhe primary objective of minimising the potential 
risk of principal loss. The Group's investment policy generally requires securities to be investment grade and limits the amount 
of credit exposure to any one issuer. 
Apple Operations International Limited 12019 Diraciom' Report and Rnancia.l Statements 138 

Apple Operations intematlcmal Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 7 • Finamcial Ri$k Management and Fimmcial Instruments {continued) 
Liquidity Risk (continued) 
Me.turity of financial liabilities 
The following tables summarise 1he maturity profile of the Group's linanc:lal tlabillties for 2019 and 2018 based on contractual 
payments: 
All of 28 Septembi!r 2019 
Carry!rig 
Contraciue! 
Perlodd 
Period 1-5 
Amount 
Amount 
year 
yearn 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
Non-Deriva1i11111 Financial !nfllrwments: 
Accounts r;~yabl e 
27,899 
27,89a 
27,899 
Ollmr currant liabiliti1:1s 
12,018 
12,018 
12,018 
Olher non-current llitbilitloo · 
1,05(1 
1,050 
t.050 
Subtotal 
39,917 
l,050 
De li11ati11a Flnru,clal lnauument!!: 
Forward foreign exchange contracts 
214 
117,008 
107,701 
9,307 
ill 
AB of 211 Septsmber 2018 
Cisriylng 
Cooimctual 
P!!rlod.::l 
Period 1-5 
Amoont 
Amoorrt 
yeM 
yeara 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
S'm 
NorH.)erivative Flmmciai lnslruments: 
Accounts payable 
30,668 
30,689 
30,669 
Othsr current liabmtles 
15,295 
15,295 
15,295 
Othsrnon-riummt llablllties 
1,58S 
1,599 
1,599 
Subtotal 
47,563 
47,563 
45,964 
1,599 
nu rrnn 
" 
JJ Jtstrl:Rl_t.ctat.ctlt$ 
Deri11a1iva Financial Instruments: 
Fomign eX!:he.nge contracts 
105,191 
!31,166 
14,005 
/\pµle Operations lrrtsmational Limited ! 201!l Dirm::tms' Report and Finanrj8J Sm.tements I ::ll\1 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Nate 7 - flnanciai Risk Management and Financial Instruments (continued) 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk refers to the risk of fiooncial loss to the Group if a oounterparty defaults on its oontractual obligations on flmmc!ai assets 
held in lhe Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Group. The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrylng amount 
of each financial asse1 In the Consol!dated Balance Sheets ofthe Group. 
Accounts Receivable 
The Group ls exposed to a-edit risk on fts trade acc:ou nts recelwb!e, vendor non--trade receivables and amolints owed by related 
parties and 1hls risk ls heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen. 
The Group has considerable trade receivables outstanding with its third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, 
resellers, sma~and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers. The Group generally does not 
require collateral from its customers; however, the Group wilhequire ro!!ateral or third-party a-edft sI.1pport in certain Instances to 
llm\t credit risk. In addition, when possible, the Group attempts to limit cred1t risk on trade receivables with credit Insurance for 
eertain customers or by requirlng third-party financing, loans or !:eases to support credit exposure. These crediHlnancfng 
arrangements are directly between the third-party financing company and the end cus!omer. As such, !he Group generally does 
not assume aey recourse or credit risk sharing related to arry af these arrangements. 
The Group has non-trade receivables from cerlain of its manufacturing vendors resulting from the sale of components lo these 
vendors who manufa1.,iure sub-assemblies or .assemble final products for the Group. The Group purchases these cqrnponents 
dlrectly from suppliers. 
As of'28 September 2019, a signllicant portion of the Group's trade receivables wo:1s concentrated within oo/lular network carriers 
and \ts vendor non-trade receivables were ooocentrated among a few individual vendors ic)ca!ed primarily ir1 Asia. WhHe the Group 
has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to <:redit risk on !ts trade and wndor non-trade receivables, as weff as amounts 
owed by related parties (see Note 10, "Related ParlyTransacilons'), them can be no assurance such procei;lijres w!P, ell'ectively 
limit Its credlt r!sk and avokf losses. 
Accounts recewables are generally receivable withh, 30 days of the Conoolldated Balance Sheet dales and are unsecured and 
non-lnlerest bearing.The ageing analysis of a!;:oounts receivables, stated net of provisions for expected credit losses are as follows: 
Nallhar pas1 due nor impairoo 
Pasl di.la but not impaired 
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Mametable and Nan-Marketable Securltres 
Carrying AmoW'lt 
As one 
Ali of 29 
September 
September 
__ ..... 20;;;;;.;;.;1g._ 
2016 
$'m 
$'m 
•• 25,240° 
105 
25,345 
26,942 
65 
27,007 
The Group is exposed to credit risk and fluciuatk>ns in the values or lls Investment portfolio. The Group's lnvestments can be 
negatively affected by tlquld!ty, credit deterkmatlon,t"inanclal results, market and economlccondlt\ons, political risk, sovereign risk, 
interest rate fluctuations or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity of the Group's cash, marketable and non-marketable 
securities may fluctuate substant!a!ly, Therefore, although the Group has not realised arry significant losses on its cash, marketable 
and non-marketable securlUes, future fluctuations In their value could result In significant losses and could have a material adverse 
lmpact on the Group's flnanclal condition and operating results. 
Appls Operations International Llmited 120'1!) Direc:tom' Report and Financial Statemems I 40 

Apple Operations lntematlanal llmlted 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 7 • Financial Risk Management and F!nanclal Instruments (continued) 
The following !able shows the credit m!ings of the Group's cash, marketable and non-marketable securities: 
Investment Grade 
Ni.m-ln\l'Slilrllerrt Grade 
capital Risk Mamagement 
Carrying Amount 
Aes of 26 
Al8 af 29 
Sept!ltllbl'!f 
September 
201!! 
2018 
$'m 
63,719 
4.0::lll 
67,755 
206,'129 
14,751 
220,880 
Capital includes ordinary shares and equity attril:w!able to the equity shareholders of the Group. The primary objective of the 
Group's capital management Is to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to trade on a going concern basis. The Group's 
Investment pollcy and strategy arF.J focused on preservatlon of capital and supporting the Group's llquidlty requ!rements, The 
Group uses a oomblnaUon of Internal and external managamant to execute !1!1 Investment strategy and achieve tts investment 
objectives. 
No changes ware made to the objectives, polll::les or processes ibr managing capita! during the Ii nanclal years ended 28 September 
2019 and 29 September 2018. 
Cash,.cash aquhmlents and mali<elablB :s0cullties ,,, 
Property, plllllt imcl equlpmam: 
Worning capital 
Cam genaraled by llperai!ng activltieB 
Ca!lll.genaratedby irlVEISili!'!g·eclliliti€3l8. 
Cash used In finw;dr1g activities 
A!! of :l& 
September 
::mm 
$'m 
84,899 
12,248 
27,430 
44,654 
413,032 
(91,034) 
.As of 29 
Sl!pb!mber 
2018 
$'m 
218,764 
17,021 
37,068 
51,168 
17,522 
(66,187) 
(1) As o! 28 Saptembm2ms, total cash. caBh equl\liiilents and market.able oot.urtJJse lncl.ided $18Jllm (2018: $20.llbn) 1ha.twas 
restrictad !mm general usil, mla.ted ta the SmtaAid Decision (sea Nora 6, "Provision for lnccme Taxes') and oiher agmementJS. 
During 2019, cash generated by operating activities of $44.6 billion (2018: $51.2 billion) was a result of $35.5 billion (2018: $40.0 
bll!km) of net im:ome, non-cash adjustments to net Income of $i0.4 bitlion (2018: $11.0 billion) and a decrease In the net chunge 
In operailng assets and llabllities of $i.4 bill!on {20i8: an Increase of $0,2 bimon). Cash g.am,,m31.ted by investing activities of $4,!lO 
billkm during 2019 (2018: cash generated $17.5 billion) consisted primarily of cash generated from the maturity and sale of 
mml<etable securities, net of purchases of marketable securities, of $51.8 blHlon (2(:i-18: cash generated $28.0 billion) and cash 
used to acquire prope1t-1, plant and equipment of $5.5 billion (:2018: $7.9 billion). Cm,h wred In financing activities 111 2019 consisted 
of cash used to pay dividends of $91.0 billion (2018: $6!t2 billlcm}. 
The Group believes rt!, existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable semirl!les will be swfflcient to s.':ltisfy its working 
capita! needs, capital asset purchaelf.ls and other liquidity reqLiirements associated with its existing operations over the next 12 
months. 
ApplB Opara1lom3 intamatiorml !.Jmitsd I 2nm Dimc1ors' Report and Rnanciai Statements ! 41 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 7 • Financial nlsk Management and Financial instruments (continued) 
Derivative Financial Instruments 
n,e fo,lowing tables show the Group's derivative Instruments at gross fair value as of 28 September 2019 and 29 September 
2016: 
Deri11aii,'e assets t1l: 
Fornign exchange contracts 
De,i11a1i11e ilabi!l11est;,, 
Foreign exchange r.ontracl'I 
Derivali\tl:"i assets "': 
Foreo!gn e>tChange corrtrac-.s 
Dt'tivative tabi~lles '": 
Foreig:c =har.ga conlracis 
Fair Value of 
Derivatives Designated 
o1a Hedge !mItn.1ment111 
$'m 
1,786 
Fair \11111100 of 
Deriva'!ivea Oe13l9m11ed 
as Hedge Instruments 
$'m 
327 
AB of 28 September 2019 
fair Value of 
Derivatives Not 
Dll!Slgnated 
0111 Hedge I11:Btrumemta 
$'m 
151 
As of 29 Septernber 201!1 
Fa!r Value of 
ll;arilmtlves Not 
Designated 
as Hedge Instruments 
$'m 
287 
293 
Total 
FalrValue 
$'m 
2,098 
214 
Tota.I 
Fair Value 
$'m 
614 
448 
(1} The f,dr value ol de1l11ativa assets Is measured using l.tllf!ll 2 fmr value inputs am! Is mcordad as olher current assets in the 
Consolidated Balance St1eets. 
(2) The fair value of derivativEl liabilitiaa ia measured using lave;i 2 !air value i:cpu1s and is rac:orded as other ct1rmnl ;ir;bi!Wes in 
lhe Conso~dated Balance Slceata. 
The Group may use darlvatlves to partlali'y olrs$t Its huslnass e)(pos1..re to foreign currency and inte,est rate risk on expected 
future cash flows, net investments !n certain foreign subsldlarlas and cmtaln existing assets and liabilities, However, the Group 
may choose not !o hedge certaln exposures for a variety of reaoons Including, bl.It not limited to, accotmtlng com,ideratlons and 
!he prohibitive economic cost of hedging parUcular exposures. There can be no assurance the hedges wlll offset more than a 
portion of !he financial impact resulting from movements In foreign currency e)(Change or !merest rates. 
Apple Operati(ms. lflternational Limited I 2019 Dire ell, ra' Rriport Md Rnancial StatermlfltS I 42 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
To protect gross margins from fluctuations 1n foreign currency exchange rates, certain of the Group's subsidiaries whose functional 
cuffency is the U,S, dollar may hedge a portion offorecasted foreign currency revenue, and subsidiaries whose functk:ma! currency 
Is not ihe U.S. dollar may hedge a portion of furerasted lnventmy purchases not denominated !ri the subsld!aries' functlona! 
cmrenc1ss, The Group m~v enter Into forward contracts, option corrtracis or other instrnmerits ta manage this risk and may 
designate these ln:strnmentsas cash flaw hedges. The Group geriem!ly hedges portions of its forecasled foreig.i currency e.;,c;pasure 
assodated wh:h revenue and inventory purchases, typica!!y fur up to 12 months. 
To protect the net investmi:mt in a foreign operatio11 from f!uciuat!ons in foreign currency exchange rates, the Group may enter 
into foreign currency forward and option contracts to offset a portion of the changes 1n the carrylng amounts ofthese investmems 
due to fluctuations 1n foreign currenc>f e;i,:change rates, The Gmup designates these lnstruments as net Investment hedges, 
To protect the Group's foreign currency marketable securities from fluctuations in foreign cummcy e.:<change rates, the Group may 
enter lnk.1 forward contrac.1s or other instruments. These instmments may offset a portion of the foreign currency remeasurement 
gains or !asse:s, or change:s in fair vaiue. The Group may designate these instruments as cash flow hedges. 
The Group may a!so errter !rrto non-designated foreign currency contracts to offset a portion of the foreign currency exchange 
gains and lo:sse:s generated by the remeasurement of cert.air. assets and lh;1.blllHes denominated !.i non-functional ce.mencies, 
To protect the Group's foreign cu rrency-denom!nated marketable secudties from ftuctuailans in i ntemst rates, the Grnup may enter 
Into interest rate sWB.ps, options or other instruments. These lnstrumEmts may offset a portion of the changes in Interest inooma 
or changes in fair value. 
Gash flaw Hedges 
The effectlve portlons of cash flow hedges are recorded In OCI until the hedged iiem 1s recognised in eamlngs, Deferred gains 
and losses associated with cash flow hedges of fomlgri c1.mern;y revenue am reoognised as a component of net sales in ihe same 
period as the related revenue is recognised, and deferred gains and tosses related to cash flow hedges of inventory purchases 
are recognised as a component of cost of :sales in the same period as the related oosts are recognised, Deferred gains and losses 
ass;xiated with ttl:sh flaw hedges of interest income or expense are recogn1sed in other income/{expense), net in the same period 
as the related Income or expense is recognised. For options designated as cash flow hedges, changes in the !!ms 1ralue am 
mrduded from the assessment of hedge effei:.1iveness. The ineirect[ve portions and amounts exciuded from the effectiveness 
testing of cash flow hedges i?lre recognlsed ln other income/(expenseh net 
Derivative Instruments designated as cash flow hedges mus!: be de~deslgnated as hedges when It ls probable the forecasted 
hedged transactlcm w!II not occur, Deferred gains anr.l looses In OC! associated with such derh/ative Instruments are reclassified 
into other lncome/{e:iepern.m), net !n the period of de-designation. Any subsequent changes In fa.Ir value of such derivative 
instruments are reflected In other h1come/(e:<pense). net unless they are re-designated as hedges of other t~ansactlons, 
Non•D eslgnated Derh,at!ves 
Derivatlves that are not designated as hedging 1n~1ruments am adji.i~ied to faiir value through earnings in the financ!ai statement 
line item to wh1ch the derivaUw relates. As a result, during 2019, the Group recognised a galn of $412 million (2018: $26 mHl!on) 
In net sales, a gain of $i7i mHUon (2018: $175 mmlon) !n cost of sales and a laas of $19 milHon (2018: $225 miilion) in other 
i ncome/(e:<pense). 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 7 a FinancialRlsk Management and Financial Instruments (continued) 
Derivative Ananclal Instruments (continued) 
The followlng table shows the pre-tax gains and losses of the Group's derivative and non-derivative lnstruments designated as 
cash flow hedges in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and the Conso.lldated Statements of Operations for 
2019 and 2018: 
Yeamended 
28 September 
29 September 
2019 
2018 
------
$'m 
$'m 
-w-ww-w-ww 
_____ 
ww_w ___ 
, 
Galnsl(l.osses) recognised In OCI - effective portion: 
Ca!!h tow hedges; 
Foreign exchange oorttracts 
585 
457 
Gains/(Losses) mciassilied from OC! Into nat income - effecilve por1ion: 
Ca!lh 11ow hBdges: 
Foreign exchange contracts 
531 
(213) 
The following table shows the notional amounts of the Group's outstanding derivallve Instruments and credit risk amounts 
associated with outstanding or unsettled derivative Instruments as of 28 September 2019 and 29 September 2018: 
As ot28 September 201!1 
As of 29 September 2018 
National 
Credit Risk 
Notlooal 
Credit Risk 
Amount 
Amount 
Amount 
Amount 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
tnstruments designated as accounting hedges: 
Foreign exchange contracts 
45;,:!93 
1.786 
22,509 
327 
i11struman1s not designated a.11 a{:countlng hedges: 
Fnreign exchange contracm 
71,7'15 
312 
82,682 
287 
__ 
...,...,...,..., __ :.2:222;,;,::;: 
The notional amounts fur outstanding derivative iootruments provide one measure of the tr,ins,icilon volume outstanding and do 
not represent the amount of the Group's exposure to credit or market loss. The credit risk amounts represent the Group's gross 
exposure lo palential accounting loss on derivative instruments that are outi,1anding or unsettled .if all counterparties failed to 
perform according to the terms of the contract, based on then-current currency or interest rates at each respective date.The 
GroL1p's exposure to credit loss and market risk wm vary over time as currency and Interest rates change. Although the table above 
reflects the notional and credit risk amounts of the Group's derivative instruments, ii does not reflect the gains odosses associated 
wlth the exposures and lransadl(ins th.at !ha lnstrtiments are lnlended to herlge. The amounts ultlmateiy raa!lsed upon settlement 
of these financial instruments, together with the gains and !ossas on the underlying exposures, wm depend on actuai market 
c.ondltlons: during the remaining life of the instruments, 
Apple Operations !ntemational Limiled 12019 Oirec:kim' Report and Financial S'latemools I 44 

Apple Opemtiona lnternatianaJ Lim.lied 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 8 ~ Property, Plant and Equipment, net 
Cost 
Al! of 30 September 20"! 7 
Additions 
Dlspoi!iais 
As of 29 September 2018 
Additions 
Disposals 
As of 28 September 2019 
Depreclatiort: 
A9 of SO September 20, 7 
Charge far the year 
DlP,POSliJ!! . 
As of 29 SeptElmber 2018 
C~s,rgs rort!'Ja year 
o;sposals 
As cif 28 SsptE!mber 2019 
Nat book vel\Js: 
As of 26 September 2019 
As of 211 Sepmmber 2018 
Note 9 - Provisions 
Bulldmge 
$'m 
748 
464 
(11) 
1,201 
233 
(1) 
1,427 
83 
30 
(!,) 
ma 
rn 
127 
1,300 
1,093 
Laae!!llho!d 
!mpro11!!rnl!fltlii 
S'm 
3,153 
277 
{229) 
3,20·1 
332 
(174) 
3,359 
1,316 
324 
(176) 
1,464 
302 
(11"?} 
1,649 
1,710 
1,737 
Mett:hln!!ry& 
Equlpmmt 
$'m 
34,533 
9,456 
(607} 
43,382 
2,068 
(972) 
44.,478 
24,19!! 
5Jl7!1 
(578) 
29,191 
6,931 
(882) 
35,240 
9,238 
14,Hl1 
The following table shows c:nanges in the Group's acx:rued warranties and related costs for 2019: 
Beginr.ing accrued warranty and rela1ed i::osts 
Cools of warranty claimll 
Accruals bi 1A1,m1mty 
Emling accrued warranly r..m! related costs 
Total 
$'m 
Sl'l,4.14 
10,197 
(847} 
47,784 
2,633 
(1,153) 
49,264 
25.!'i89 
5,933 
(759) 
30,763 
7,252 
(999} 
37-f.116 
Aa ol' 21!1 
September 
ZOHI 
$'m 
3,516 
(3,161) 
2,935 
3,289 
::::rn:m:::b:::ma:!" 'f 
The Group offers a limited parts and labour warrant; on its llardware pmducis. The baste warranty period is lyplt",aily one year 
from the date of purnham,.1 by the original end user. The Group also offers a SO-day ilmited warranty on the sen.ik:e parls used 
to repair lhe Group's hardware prnducts. in cerlain jurlsdtc!ions, local law requires that 1m.mufacturers guamnlee their products 
ror a period prescribed by statuie, typically at least two years. In addition, where available, consumers may p1m:hase ,llppleCare 
f-lrolection Pian or AppleCare+, which exiends serv!ce coverage on many of the Group's hardware products. 
i\ppie Opem1imm lnlemauo11al Lim:led I 2019 Diieclms' Rap!lrt anrl Flnan~ia! Stamm@nifl ! 4S 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 10- Related Party Transactions 
The principal related party relalionships requiring disclosure In the consolidated financial statements of the Group under !AS 24 
Related Party Disclosures ("IAS 24") pertain to the ex)stence of subskUaries amf transactions with related parties entered !nto 
by the Group. 
Subsidiaries and transactions with related parties 
A ijst!ng of the subsldiarles Is provided In Note 2, "lnvestmenfkl Subsidiaries" of the Company's financial statements. Sales to 
and purchases from, together with outstanding pay-db!es and receivables to and from subsidiaries, are eliminated in thepreparatlon 
of the consolidated financial statements of lhe Group .in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated Finandal Statements ("IFRS 
10"). The Group enters Into transactions with Apple reh!ted parties that are net eliminated in the preparation of the consolidated 
linanc!a! statements of the Group. 
Terms and conditions of transaclttms with related parties 
Sales to and purchases from related parties are on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's length transactions. The 
outstanding balances included In accounts receivables, net and aooounts payable at the Consolidated Balance Sheet dates are 
interest or non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand or wilh!n 40-90 day terms. 
The following tables summarise the transactions and outstanding balances with related parties: 
Aa of 28 September 2019 
Sales to 
Purch&aee 
Amounts 
Amounts 
Loans 
Loans 
Related 
from 
owed 
owed to 
owed 
owedm 
Paftlea 
Related 
from 
Related 
from 
Relah!d 
Parties 
Related 
Partll!II 
Related 
Parties 
Parties 
F'artl89 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
LJltims.te F's.rant 
:m 
(B.865) 
1,843 
(4,352) 
Other Appia related parties 
3,829 
(2,583) 
•. 581 
(891) 
132 
{850) 
3,940 
(11,448} 
2.424 
(5,243) 
132 
(850) 
=== 22 
As of l!il September 2018 
Salee to 
Purchase& 
Amounts 
Amounm 
Loans 
Loans 
Related 
from 
Qwed 
owed to 
Qwed 
owed to 
PBrlles 
Related 
from 
Related 
from 
Related 
Parties 
Related 
Parties 
Related 
Parties 
Partin 
Parties 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
S'm 
$'m 
$'m 
Ultimate Parent 
124 
(14,874) 
1,840 
(3,846) 
Other Apple related partl6B 
3 .. 237 
(978) 
570 
(2,796) 
35 
(890) 
3,361 
{15,850) 
2,410 
(6,642) 
35 
{890) 
l!rn:= llill!ZIIL& 
llppla Operations lntema1lonal Limlted i 2019 Di1ar.tois' Report and Financial Statements ! 46 

Apple Operations lntarnatlonal Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 11 - Commitments and Contingenciea 
The Group !eases various equlpment and facilities, Including retail space, under noncancelab!e operating !ease arrangements. 
The Group does not currently utilise any other off-balance sheet financing arrangements. As of 28 September 2019. the Group's 
Iota! future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases were $4.4 billion (2018: $4.3 bllllon). The Group's 
retail store and other facility leases iyplcal!y have odglnal terms not exceeding 10 years and generally contain multi-year renewal 
options. 
The following table shows the future mlnlmum ren!al payments under norn::ance!able operating leases as of 2B September 20'! 9 
and 29 September 2018: 
WUnlnane year 
!.J3ter !han one year but not later than fivs years 
Later than five yaam 
Asof28 
Septembet 
21.llll 
$'m 
622 
1,773 
1,965 
4,360 
As of29 
St!ptt!mbllW 
2018 
$'m 
528 
2,071 
1,618 
4,317 
The following table show I he expenditure ooritmctad li:!rb1.rt not mr.:ognlsed as liabilllies as of 28 September 2019and 29 September 
2018: 
S'm 
243 
Cant!ngeocies 
Allof2ii 
September 
2018 
$'m 
1,082 
The Group Is subject to ll'arious legal proooedings and claims that have arioori In the ordinary i:ouroo of bLmlness and !hat have 
not been fully resowed. Toe outcome of litlgatlon is Inherently uncertain. U one or more legal matters were resolved against lhe 
Group In a reporting period for amoums above management's expectations, the Group's financial co11dition and operating results 
for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. In the opinlon of management, there was not at least a reasonable 
possibility the Group may have incurred a mater!al loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concemlng loss 
ccm!:ingern:les fur essertad legal and other claims, except for the following mat!ers: 
French Competition Authority 
On March 16, 2020, !he French CompeUtion Authority {"FC..X'} announced its decision that aspects of the Apple Inc, group's sales 
and dlslrlbulion practices In f-ra.nce violate French competition law, anr.l issued a fine of €1. 1 billion. The Group strongly disagrees 
with the FCfo:s decision, and plans to appeal. 
The Group financial staiements were approved and authorised for Issue by the board of dif~ms on _ 27 March ___ 2020. 
Apple Opmatioris lntamation;;J Llrnited 12019 Director,,' Report and Financial Statements 147 

Apple Operations International Limited 
Company Financial Statements 
Year Ended 28 September 2019 
Appia Operations International Lirniloo I 2019 Dhai::tow' Report and Financial St.atements \ 46 

COMPANY STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
AB of 28 
Sapt11mb1:W 
Note 
20HI 
$'m 
Fixed assets 
Investment In subsidiaries 
2 
64,634 
Current assets 
Castr at bank and in hand 
290 
Debiors: amounts failing due within one year 
65 
Investments 
28,464 
28,819 
Creditors: amounts falllng due wfthin one year 
4 
(12,707} 
Net t.iment assels 
16,112 
Net assets 
60,746 
Capita! and reserves 
Called up share capital presented as ef.!Ulty 
5 
Prior year retained eamlngs 
238,605 
Dividends paid 
(196,727) 
Profit fur the fl nanola! year 
38,868 
Total shareholders' equity 
00,746 
See ac:companying notes lo Cclmpr.my financ!ai statements. 
On behalf o! the board 
___ 111~ 
Peter Denwood 
Director 
Date: 
27 March 
2020 
Date: 
27 March 
2020 
Appia Operations lntilrnaijanai Llrn!ted 12019 Dlraclom' Repmt and Financial Starem;mts I 4r, 
Aso128 
Septemb~ 
2018 
$'m 
64,652 
641 
104 
185,565 
Hl6,310 
(12,357) 
173,953 
238,605 
292,560 
(68,000) 
14,044 
238,605 

Apple Operations International Limited 
COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
CaUedup 
share capital 
presented as 
Prol'lt and loss 
equity 
account 
$'m 
$'m 
Balances as of 30 September 2017 
1 
292,560 
Profit for fue financial year 
14,044 
Tota!. comprehensive Income for the year 
14,044 
DMdends paid 
(68,000) 
Baiances as of 29 September 2018 
238,604 
Profit for the flnancia! year 
38,868 
Total oomprehensve Income for the year 
38,868 
Dividends paid 
(196,727) 
Transfer between reserves 
(1) 
1 
Balances as of 28 September 2019 
80,746 
See accompanying notes to Company financial sta!ements. 
Total 
shareholders' 
equity 
$'m 
292,561 
14,044 
14,044 
(68,000) 
238,605 
38,868 
38,868 
096,727) 
80,746 
Apple Oparations lnlernationaJ Limited 12019 Dlrac!ors' Report and F-lnarn::iaJ Statements I 50 

NOTES TO COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The app!!cab!e acoount1ng policies for the Company have been applied consistently !n dealing with items whlch are considered 
material in relaUon to the Company's firn3.nc!ai ~iatsmsnts. 
Statement of Comp!ianre 
On 19 November 201 a, the Company re-registered as a prhtate company limtted by shares, pursuant to ihe Companies Aci 2014. 
Thr:i Company ii, incorporated In Ireland with a registration number of 76941. Thr:i registered office !s Holryhi!l lndustria! Estate, 
Hol!yh11!, Co, Cork, Ireland. 
The Company finanda! statements are prepared ln accordance with FRS 102 and the Companies Act 2014, 
The financial statements are presented in U,S, do Hara("$''), which ls tile Company's presentational and functkmal currency and 
the !eve! of roundiflg !s to tile nearest million (un!ess otherv1ise stated). Transactions !n fore!gn curmnc!es are recorded at the 
rate of ar.cllange mnng at the date of the tmnmsciion, The resuHlng monetary assr:its and !labmtles are translated at the tm!arn:::e 
sheet rate and the exchange dlffemmces are dealt with !n the Statemel11s of Comprehenslve Income, The financial statements 
have been prepared under the histm!cal c,ast convention except wllere assets and Habmt!es are stated at fuJr value In accordance 
with re!evaret accounting po!ldes. 
The Company has availed of the toilowing dlsck::;sure exemptions in preparing these flnanclal statements, as permitted by 
FRS 102: 
Sec.1ion 4 Siatement of Flnanciai Positkm p1:m~grnph 4, 12(a)(iv) 
Section 3 Financial Statement Presentation paragraph 3, 17{d) 
& 
Section 7 Statement of Gash Flows 
Seciion ii Basic Finar1clai irn:rtruments paragraphs 11.41 (b}. 11.41 (c), iiA1 (e}, 1t41(f), 1t42, 11.44, 1t45,1t47, 
1t48(a){Ui), 1t48(a}Ov}, it4B(b) and ii.48(c) 
$ 
Section 12 Other Flnam:;fa! lnstrnments Issues paragraphs 12.26, 12.27, 12,29 (a}, i2,29 (b) and 12,29 A 
°' 
Secilon 26 Share-based Payment paragraphs 26, 18{b), 26. i9 to 26.21 ar1d 28.23; 
Secikm 33 Related Party Disclosures paragraph 33.7 
In accordance with Section 304 of the Companies Act 2014, the Compariy is availing of the exemption from the requirement to 
present its individual Statements of Comprehensive Income, which form part of the approved t!nandal statements, ao the 
Company's shareholders at a general meeting and Hie requirement to me the Stalements of Comprehem;ive Income with the 
the Rr:igh,tmr of Companies. 
The Company's ultimate and immediate parent Is Apple !nc.1 a company incorporated in Cal!fomra, United Stales of America, 
the consoi!dated financial statements of whtth me pub!k:ty ~~ailabla from Investor Relations, Apple Inc" One Apple Park Way, 
Cupertino, Ca!!fornia 9S0i4, Unned States of America. 
The flnancial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The directors are s.atlsfled that adequate resources are 
aval!ab!e to the Company and they have no reason to believe that any material uncertainty exists that would cast a doubt about 
the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern for at least twer..te months from date of approval of the financial 
statements, 
Management makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future ln the preparation of the Company financ!aJ statements, 
which can significantly impact the reported amounts of assets afld !iabiHties. The significant estlmates and assumptions used In 
the preparation of the Company nmrncla! statements am outlined in the releva.r1t notes, 
Apple Opem.tiams lntema.'!!anaJ LJmitad l 2019 Dlmr.::rors' Report and Fimmcia! St3.terrwnts ! 51 

Apple Operations International Limi1ed 
NOTES TO COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
fixed assets 
Investments in subsidiaries 
Investments In subsidiaries are shown at cost less provision rodmpairment In value. 
financlal Instruments 
Basic ffnanclal instruments 
Debtors / Creditors: 
Debtors are recognised inllially at transac.ilon price less attrlbut.able transaction costs .. Creditors are recognised initially at 
transaction prlce plus attributable transacllon costs. Any losses arls,lng from impairment are recognised In operatihg expenses. 
Cash at bank and in hand: 
Cash at bank and in hand oomprlse cash balances, cal! deposits and deposits with original maturity of three months or less. 
Investments considered to be basic linancfal instruments: 
Basil:; investments are recognised initially at transaction price less attributable lransaci:\on costs. Subsequent to Initial recognition, 
basic investments are measured at amorllsed cost uslng the effective interest method, less any impalrment losses, 
Other financial instrumenlB 
investments nol meet!:-ig the delin!Uon of basic financial instruments are recognised lnltlal!y at fair value. Subsequent to initial 
recognition, the Investments are measured at falr value wi!h changes recognised in the ~'tatements of Comprehensive Income. 
Note 2- Investment in Subsidiaries 
As of 30 Sepllimber 2017 
Conilibullons during !he year 
Dlsposels during year 
As of 29 5epternber 2018 
Conlribo1lon:a during lhe year 
Retum of capj!a! during the year 
As of 28 Septamber 2019 
Apple Operations International Limted 12019 Directorn' Report md Rnam:ial Statements i 52 
Total 
$'m 
64,848 
1B 
{14} 
64,6..'i2 
12 
(30) 
64,634 

NOTES TO COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
·································:}!.fiaiiis-ieredairece·· 
• • • • • • • .. • • • • • • • • ii CorporatiOn Trust Center, 
i: i 209 Orange Street, 
i Wi!m!ngton DE 1980i, 
'' Un lted States 
: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :r~:#~~:i~ :?~ ~:~~1~~~·; 
: Holding company 
·············································································1 
:1 
• ·::suiitiis24ofoi412,Towerone.·· 
'I Times Square, Causeway Bay, 
!: Hong Kong 
:I corporation· tr·u·ii ·center, 
:: 1209 Orange Street, 
: yvii,mfnton DE 19801, 
________ ) 
:: Awie .. Computer Trading (S hari~:iti'ai}· ···!·~:i~=~iir:·'t✓:af Roai:dbiifrict··c)·:·· 
........... : 
: Go. Ltd. ... 
: China (Shangha!}, 
I Pilot Free Trade Zone 
••••••••••• • Tiinii·K;fo·k10· streets·:{ 
.!i 
: 569086, 
!Singapore 
: Apple E!sctro~ics Pmducts···· 
•••• hinlts ~\4; 5, e·(;"i,'Ce~iei"2if ..... 
--;-tfaie's,'.{fostributfoii'and.reia1ed •• s-erJice·s ....... ··!! 
I Commerce {Befj!ng} Company 
, omce Tower E 1, The Tbwars, 
:!':===. 
: limlted ~,. 
I Orienta! Piaza, No. i East Chang An 
:Avenue, 
I Dong Cheng 0!$'trlct, 
:! Beijing 100738, 
:,China 
•. AWiiii,idia·PJ\l<¾ieTi"1tted'~~~······ •• i ~:~~ro f ;1;~1!~~f 
ir~~'oad, ·······················~~il~::d~~~!""; ;;;;;;;;;1aau,1;;g.,;J 
Iindia. 
I AWie Japan; inc: 
t 
:! Roppong! Hi!!s, 
=: 6-10-1 Roppongi, 
I Minato-ku1 
::Tokyo 106-6140, 
::Japan 
I 3001 A.SEM Tower,............ • •• 
• 
":Sales, d1strll:lutlon and related services 
! 5 fl Yaongdong··daero, 
I Ga.ngnJ;im~gu 
:: App!e M E FZCO 
= Seou!, 06 i 64, 
···•·•················+~~~·~~~i~!~1~!;·~Voilifr:'zE·!i •• fas;······-rsa"!~~' di;t"iibti!km and ·i~;iat;d oorvki;s 
:: I 
iwia· 'ciperaib.nii • fi i:i"roi,e· ;.:.:ii 
: fo.pp!a GmbH 
: JAFZ:A View iS &. 19, 
: 1-:~ Floor, 
:. P.O. BO)( 262746 
I Jebel Ali Free Zone~ 
!:Dubal1 
:'UAE 
·········)l.evel 2i, Sutte 2H11, 
······: i-iai~s, distribuiion and related .se.rvii:;e's°····· .. ···:=.:: 
I The Gardens South Tower, 
·: Mid Valley City, Ungkaran Syed Pu1rn, 
[ i3fY,?.OO Kua:a Lumpur; 
:Malaysia 
I HoHyhili lr:dustrla! Estate, Ho!lyhm, 
:Cork, 
: Ireland 
:·§g~fhiiiTridu.sfrial Estate, Ho!lyhH!, 
, rreland 
:·rrocure.me.riCsaies·arici.~in~racturfriii···········!i 
: support services 
: Procurement, mam.tacturlng ar.d 
: dislr!butkm 
I Katharina-von-Bom~Strasse 3, ••••••••••••••••• ·: sia'les swppor(miri<efrng and. r;iateci' •• 
: 80333, 
• services 
!Munich, 
......................................................................... .:: C3~ r.r11.2.~Y .. 

Apple Operations International limited 
NOTES TO COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 2'- investment in Subsidiaries (continued} 
.. -... -.-.-.. -.. -.) .. 'jil9~t;·b~d-·-···-o···m··-··;.a 
.............. ........... -:1.-·l\i&ture of business 
.................. -...... -.. ·-:: 
uB..;9lf,gl'c"' 
~w 
...-.•u] 
• • • • • • I Levels 2~8. • • • • • • 
• ••• •• •• 
}Sa!E!s, distribution and reiated services 
j 20 Martin Place, 
\ Sydney NSW 2000, 
,Australia 
·· 
r~~~~~~~-ng~~:ial Estate; Hoiiyhiii;° ····-- •• !Holding·oompany·and retaiibusiness •••• 
• • • • • •• : :r!rh~ll industrial Estate, Hollyhil!, 
I 
Holding oompany • 
' 
• 
• ••••••••••• \ 
tco~ Cor~ 
~: 
.· 
,, ............ , .................................... -........ . 
!Apple Benelux B.V. 
•••••• •• ·.·.·.·.·.·.·.•tt~~ni,~ff iriiiustr1a1· Estate, ·Hoiiyi,iii;· 
•• :! saies.sufrpcii-i;· markeii ngire!aieci services .• ' 
[ ~;a~d 
j and hold ng company 
\ 
• ; t.:;;;~rrn.···1s·(actuai leve1··1 :(·1·;w; ••••••• l Sales, di~·rlb~ti;;; ~nd ·r~lated services 
; 
f 1249 Century Avenue 
; 
\ 
)China {Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone j 
' 
j\i~jf'' 
• • •• ·1=-~pport:m;,;w;;;,.rnfr;;,;iea 
J 
:; Amsterdam, 
ffhe Nethar!ands 
........ 
.. ········-·•-•:~-·· 
; Sales, distribution and related services 
/Ireland 
!,,.· Apple Distribution lnter~ational • ··; Hoiiiftffi induifrii1iEsii1i;; Hof~hiff; 
::Cork, 
· .. If t~ooJt~~ 2s • 
• • •• • \H~Ji,,g comp!iey 
........................................... I 
: 1017 PS, Amsterdam, 
i The Netherlands 
=· 
iApple Reiaji UkUriiit~ 
••••• • ••• 
, .. •.•.•.• ,,,,::.•·•.•.•:·,·•:••:•·•.•• ·•· ·•·•·•:••••·••·•·•·•· o,' • ._.,._,.,, • ·•···•.•.••·•v y·· .;. •• Y' • 
• y•,-.·,•••••••••:~••·:••••:•••·•••·••••·•••·• ...... :•••••••·•-.••V•V•,•••••••,•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••.•.•.•'•,••••••••••••·••••••.•,•••••••••.•••-.••.•~ 
• 5th Floor, 6 St Andrew Street, 
: R.etalf cxlmpany 
; London, EC4A 3AE, 
: United Kingdom 
Apple Retail France E.U.R.L 
•..•.••• :-
..•...••••• • • • .. ..... ... • • ..... • ....... ...... • • }Fietaifcompa(iy' ..... 
I 3-5 rue Saint, Georges, 
~ 
-~ 
~ 
•· 
: 75009, Paris, 
'France 
••• r:itai~ company • 
,-,,-,,,:,c,,:,·•··••:•···--·,··························•··· ... •••••••••••••••••••••• 
: Como Vercelll 40, 
[20145, 
[Milan, 
1 
~ 
flla!y 
I 
/4i,pie Reiafderm:iiny s:,ii: & eo: Ka irhuiri=iiric1>riixts 
' 
•'•'•"•'•"' ................ , .. •,•····· ... •'•'•'•'•'-'•'•'• 
--~ 
:Platz 6, 
~ \ 
:60316 Frankfurt 
(am Main, Germany 
!/4:iijJieFieiaiisi,ainsIIC • •••••• 
}eaiie rriri2ipedeVergara 112, 
(4a planta, 
··················!'Fietaii •• roiiiiiaiiii .......... . 
: 28002, Madrld 
f.a:;;i;iia.Reiiii·s~itie'iiaridGmbH •·•··•·••.•.• .. 1~4MFs·;;iv\ies ...................................... . 
; SA, Gessnera!!ee 38, 
•· 
[Apple Retail Netherlands 13.V. 
1,8001, Zurich, 
; Switzerland 
: Havenlaan 86C, 
; Bo)( 204 Avemm du Port, B-1000 
:Brussels, 
,Belgium 
-i·Lu·na··A·renA 
•• Herikarbergweg 238, 
:1101CM, 
' 
~-· ·-··-·I Retar( ·oo·mpany· ··· · · · · · · · · · · · · · · .-.. -. · ··· · ··· · · ··· · ··· · 
[ Amsterdam, 
,The Netherlands 
............................. L ....... -.-..... -... -.......... -...... -............. -.-... -.. -.-.. -.. 
l\pple Oparations International Limited 12019 Dlractors' Report and financial Statements 154 
' 
J 
~ 

Apple Operai:!ons l~temation,a! Limited 
NOTES TO COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
: Name of company 
•••••••••••••• ··············-rRegisfuroifoffice .. ............................. TNatu.ri/ofbusirsess 
t/4ppie F4eiiiii swedenAs 
··· ·· ··········· \~Jo.fr~1r ·· ··· · ············ ········ · · · ·· ·········· ····/ist.aiioom·pany····· 
iSweden AB, 
: Serge!s Tmg i2, 
: 11157 Stockholm, 
·sweden 
······,·b1ei:·2-;;,f i~cirriaiiov·Lfi·rie;··· •• 
: 6th floor premises il, 
: room 54 i25009, 
i\pi,ie isii,01 Limited 
!Moscow, 
I r~ussian Federalion 
: 12 Masi<n sheeC 
: POB 12147, 
•••••••••••• i SEli8.S. s;;pp;;;;; ;;;;;;i;;;ttng; f i,iaiad S!>tvloos, I 
: Hen:!!ya Pituach, 4673;312, Israel 
; research and deveropmem 
[PTAPP1a 1rlilo;:;es1a 
I 
Ai:iiifo Tidil1itai· :se;;;roos· (Siiaii!lfiBij 
:company Limlted ... 
:: 
: od:Woridtrade Cenier·~:.cLc1g;· ••• •••• 1saies, distribt1tkinind related sericas 
I JL Jend. Sudirman, 
!. 
: Kav. 29-31, KeL Karet, 
. 
: Kee. Setiabudl, 
I Jakarta, Se!atan, 12920 
: Indonesia 
. :, 
, Un!f{i6:f{nomlnaffo~1eCactu·aneve(· 
:' Tec~n!u'\i services aritfalher swpp.ort·········· 
I Unit 1502), No. 1249 Century Avenue, 
: services 
[China (Shanghai} Pilot Free Trade Zone i 
:• 
!J-saaiitHddinii"ori.e"LLC ~6 ······················r6;/poratia·n·wusi een"ter:··· ························rHofain.g c/4imp~~;;· 
··················.··,·,·,·,··.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·,·.·.·.·.·.· .... · .. ·• 
:: 1200 Orange Street, 
' 
I Wilmington DE 19801 1 
I United States 
=:aeats.Electronbi.friternatlanal d 
•••••••• IHoiiyhl!I Industrial Estate, Hollyhili;············-r1r1a:ci"ive 
:Cork, 
= 
::1m!and 
tae·a1s·t1ecfr~iniciiH·an·g·K;;-;i;i·-cirnTte;:f fi4af°H.uictiiso11·House:··· 
• u 
: 10 Harcourt noad 2 
:Hong Kong 
: seaiii tieiiic;nics -r~cii i101oi;i:i • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • r Room 2scfr, 2er= Affianif ower, .io1 a ••• 
,, inactive· • 
[Consultancy {Shenzhen} Limited H 
!Jintian Rood, Uanhua Street, Futlan 
......... •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
.w.· 
•• • • .:..9..l~!~!~.\~~.~~.:~!.~'. .. ?.~~~·~············•················J.················· 
: Apple Data Sendces Ireland 
: HoHyhi!! lndustdal Estate, Hol!yh!!!, 
:: Holding company 
!Corks 
:: 
'lmiand 
i iiiiPiO iii,S •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ; ~~'::in~ii!iii.ifi<iOf; Dk'.iii§; •••••••••••••••••••••• 1eoastroctio'1. and op.;;atiOc. Of data i:60\r.i ••• ' 
.............. ........ : Denmark 
....... . . .:. 
........ .J 
:.iAppiEl Mm~au Umitada "' 
··-::Avenid"a°dii°.Praia •• Gmnde, No. 759; 51 
:,. Sales, disMbutlon and mlated services 
f;e;.p·pie·f~;,;·~·~ia}T~e·iiai"i"s·umiied 
!Sirket! 
i s1u·sei<e.1/4h •• 
:, Fioor, t\..facau 
···=•atr:i"iji<jere·eaiiies(·~s~·=\s§; r;;;;;r • ·rsai~·;; ~i~~(tiut"i;~··a;,d·reiaieii·se·rvices··· 
: 199, Kat 22 ve 23, $i~!L Mecldlyekoy, 
: lstanbul, 34394, Turkey 
lc!oTMF Sweden AB, SergelsTorg 12, 
, 1ii57 Stockholm, 
:Sweden 
: Holding company 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 2 - Investment ln Subsidiaries (continued) 
l. Name of company 
: Apple Sales New Zealand 
[ Regist.ered office 
}do.Si~pson·G;lersc)n:"Level·21.··. ·············:::s~1~s: distrlbutioii.aiic1·reiated·servit:es···· 
: 88 Shortland Street, 
: Aucldand Central, Auckland, 1010, 
: Apple Europe Limited 
; New Zealand 
......... ·•·· ...... ···noo· N·;;·iiridg;·i:;i;;;c,·············w··················· 
rsaies···sui;1;-or(· · m·iirkeiing····a·ncf-re, ated • 
·-·-· •.• • • • 
> •:• • • • 
: London, EC4V 6JA, 
; Untted Kingdom 
:services 
i: Aiip1e··Eci°ulpme.nt ·~:roMfngTrn····· • • • • • · · · · · · :,· carpora11ari· tiiis1.Iiii1er:··················· •• • ·······r1r,ac1ive"· • • ·•· • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
l 1209 0 range Street, 
\ 
i W:lmington DE 19801 , 
:. 
\ United States 
'lnact!ve 
...... J 
~~Appie·t~·qu·ipm·ent·seiviCes·uc.v.•.• ·········\·}~iO~~hlii·~·n-dliStria·i Esta1e·~--HOiiYhtUJ 
;Cork, 
:: .......... . 
i Ireland 
:: 
..... r~~ ~li~~~l~t:~~;~~nhh·rs;;~; diSiribuliOii and icl0i8d OOiiiiceii •••••••• 1 
:' Apple Vietna·m Urnlted LiabHity 
,:com~my 
: C1tyr Vietnam 
\ 
,: Appie t echnolog~ts;rvi~~s ••••••• •••••• •• • • • Hio~~· ·(. L;;;,··?t 1ii;;1tiho~··c;·~ii1ex .·.··.:: Techtifoai. ~rvices· arid. other sti°pi:;;;:r· .......... ":: 
,j (Gu~hou) Ltd '"" 
: B, Gul'an Cloud Valley 
i: services 
: Qiarizhong Avenue, Electmn!cs 
\' 
:: 
. 
j ~:~~~t~~l~~~~~2~!i::rk
1 
Gu!'an New ::,. 
0 ""'sea'c··.h•.•.•··a·····n•.•.•d.•.•.•.•d··;_;v··~!·;;p• ... ·m•···-:;;,·n·····t•.•,····1·;.;;·h•··11·•·•·1;::,;,;ta···;.;d···•·J:.•,.· 
::Appie ·,ukfU~it;~r············································t·fr1ct~fow···0r1eig·e··s"i"reeC···---···············. 
no;, 
, 
~ wW 
"' 
~u 
'""->I 
'' 
: Appka Lnhuan;a UAB ········•········ -
• l~~i;.~: ............ · .. · ....... · 
······· ···· ········· ! ::::;~::: mar1<e11;;g ancrreiaieii ••••••• 
J,·•:. 
I 
: V!lnlus1 01116, Uthuanla 
:: servlces 
• 
iAppie Sales & Marketing .N!geifa.· Ltcf ":-si"N"icho!as·F1ot1se·Hrnh.FiooiY ················;:'in~ctive 
•••••••••••••••·•·•·•·•·•·•·••·•·•·•·••·•v•·•·•·•v•·•·••·• .-,-.,~ 
j 
: GathoHc Mission Street, 
j Lagos, 
~ 
! Nigeria 
••••••••••••••• ":'GCiiiii.i rvianiu aou1evari(eam.pi:i;·ii~ •••••• \ friicthl; 
: Build Ing 6.1, 1 i;i floor, office 119, Sector 
: 61 Bucharest 
:Romania 
......... ···- CRoo·m .. 462~ South S~de of Leve~ 4 •v•• .. ······1techiiiraf seN~ooS'·ar1d·other···s·upporr ... -.•--.• .. -.... ~ 
ii North Tower, Zhongctmang Bulldlng, 
: services 
I 
;:App1e·t;aiiia1i~iy·se·ivices iiv: i .. !ii:~~~:::
1
::· ........... ······{~m~h·and dev01op=nt·~~i~s··· ··········I 
iMunich, 
1. 
::co.KG 
: Apple Saudi Arabia LLC 
: Bavarla-Bayern, 
iGermany 
· · ·····•· -:-c;v;,f3ci;·"f ai·;;ri;hT~;·;;;-·· 
••• • 
••••• ·········•· •• •.•.•. f ffia1es; ·disfri6titia·n··anlie1ate<l • ser~.-i~s· •· • 
·•· • ••••1 
: King Fahed Highway, Olayah District, 
: P.O Box 54995, 
: Riyadh, 
j 11524, 
! Saudi Arabia 
: do Moneypenny Buslness & T~ixation 
I Services, Unit 19, 38 Driver Avenue, 
: Moore Park, NSW 2021~ 
I Australia 
I Inactive 
Ap~e Operations lnternational Limited 12019 Oirectorn' Report and Financial Stat.ements i 56 

NOTES TO COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
...... •• ···························· •••••••••• 
• do Baker McKenzie, 
Fr led richs"traBe 88, 
10117, 
• Berlin, 
·•·•·•·•·•·•·•·•·•·•·•·•·•···•·····•·•·•·•·····································•··· 
·••.•.•.•.• 
I Shm.:am EritertafrimerifUmrred ""' 
Germany 
. foo"}iew ·i:iiieifie st·i~et, 
:, 
\: 
:: shaz"ari, ·ii-ivesimariii Limited·;·~· 
:London, 
!EC4V 6JA, 
I United Kingdom 
•••• ••• ··: 100 New sridge sfree1: • 
!London, 
iEC4V 6JA, 
.......... ..:.u~.~.~~ . .t9~.~.9?.T.. 
j Cmporaikm Trust'tienter1 
: 1200 Orange Street, 
: Wilmington DE 19801, 
: Unrted States 
•• Stamp!ay Limited ,,,. 
······························r160··FJ;itsr1Jiie Sirie1; 
• IK!riema Um!ted .,.,. 
I A.ppie Mobile B. V. & Co. KG 
• London, 
j EC4V 6.JA, 
I United Kingdom 
·:: 160 ~Jew Br1d·ge··s1ree1~·-···· ••••••••• ••••• 
••• 
] 1na~;ti·i;e······· 
: London, 
:EG4V6JA, 
; United Kingdom 
/ 
Hackaihio"ck;t~r·· • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • ••• • • • •••• • • • \ Research·a~ei ·ifoveioprrient.se.riicei· • • • •• • • • • •• • i! 
:80335, 
]Munchen, 
\Germany 
...................... ---~ 
• Stelngasse 6a, Promenade 
: EG, t, 2., 3., 4. u11d 5,0G 
14020 
:um: 
• Austria 
Certain subsidiaries have a different financial year-end as outlined below. Th!s arises where required or perm Hied by rorn! laws 
ar1d/or regulations. 
"Rnam::la! statements of the named subsidiary are prepared to 31 Ma~h 2019 
*" Flrmnc!al statements of the named subsidiaries arn prepared to 30/31 December 2019 
,. .. " Flnancia1 statements of the named subsidlary are prepared to 30 June 2019 
All Group errtlties I lsted above are-, d !racily or ind keci:!y, who\1y owned subs id tarles cf the Company, Except where lr.d lcated belQ\JV, 
the shares held by the Company, directty or 1ndirectry; are ordinary voting shares or an equivalent type of voting 
equ!ty Interest provided for under the laws of their jurlscllctlon of format!on/inoorporation, 
H•~ The Company Jiefd ~wo deferred ordinary shares at year end. 

Note 3 - Investments 
Apple Operations International limited 
NOTES TO COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
lnV8Strnents measured at l'alr value through profit or k)ss 
lnvestnerrta measufed at amortised cost 
As af2!1 
September 
2019 
$'m 
5,386 
23,078 
2!!,<164 
As of 2111 
September 
2018 
$'m 
17,490 
168J175 
185,565 
The Company has investments in debt securities, which are held al amortised cost. The falr value of these investments as of 28 
Sept.ember 2019 was $23.0 billion (2018: $164.9 bi!llon). The fair value of assets Mid at fair value through the profit or loss as 
of 28 September 2019 and 29 September 2018 were determined using quoted prices. 
Note 4 -Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 
Amounts owed to Uffimala Pa1ant 
Amounts owed to oiher Appia related parlies 
O!her currant llab!l!liils 
All of 211 
September 
2019 
$'m 
57 
12,650 
12,707 
.... ,,,,_ 
As of29 
Septembilr 
20111 
$'m 
62 
12,256 
39 
12.357 
The amounts owed to the Ultimate Parent and other Apple related parties are non-lnteresl bearing and are repayable on demand. 
Note 5- Called up share caplml presented as equity 
Al\ottad, called up and fully paid: 
10,000 {2018; 700,052} ord!Mry shares of$1 each 
NII (2018: 2} defermd md\nary shams of H.269738 each 
There is no authorised share capital under the Company's constitution as of 2B September 2019. 
Aa of 28 
September 
2019 
Hl,000 
10,000 
Asof29 
September 
20111 
700,052 
r 
700,059 
17 
On 7 NO'\lember 2018 !he Company issued 20,740,387 ordinary shares with a value of $1 each to Apple Inc, which were immediately 
cancelled. On the same date a further 690,052 ordinary shares with a value of $1 each were cancelled, together with 2 deferred 
ordinary shares with a value of €127 each. 
Appla Operalions International Limited 12019 D!reciom' Report and Financial Statements l 58 

NOTES TO COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Rights attaching to the ordinary shares 
The ordinary shares carry the right to; 
(a) 
receive notice of, attend, speak or vote at any general meeting of the Compaf1y, or participate in wrmen reooh.rt!ons 
!n Heu of a general meeting. Where a matter ls being decided on a show of hands at a mooting, every member 
present iri peraon and every pm:<y shall have one vote and an a poll, every member shall have one vote for eve!)' 
share held or for each €1.5 of stock held; 
{b) 
partidi:mte in the d!v!demfa (if any) declared an that class of share; and 
(c) 
!n the winding up of the Company, repayment of capita! paid upon such shares and the right to participate In the 
division of any surplus assets or profits of t!,e Company, 
The Company declared and paid a divldend of $51.B bWir.m subsequent to the flnanda! year end. 
The Company financial s1atements were approved and authorised fur issue by the board of dl rectors on _ _..c;2;.c.-7_M ___ a __ rc--'-h'--_ 2020. 


