Longnorth Limited 
Reports and financial statements 
for the financial year ended 30 April 20"16 


Longnorth Limited 
Reports and financial statements 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
Contents 
Di.rectors and other information 
Di.rectors' report 
Di.rectors' responsibilities statement 
Independent auditors' report 
Profit and loss account 
Balance sheet 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Notes to the financial statements 
Page 
2 
3-4 
5 
6-7 
8 
9 
10 
11-17 


Longnorth Limited 
Directors and other information 
Directors 
Ms. :t\f.E. Barrazotto 
Ms. L. Cunningham 
1,fr. L. Combs 
l\,fr. A. Alvarez 
Ms.J. Adam 
Secretary 
Ms. M.E. Barrazotto 
Registered office 
Estuary House 
Block P7 
East Point Business Park 
Fairview 
Dublin 3 
Auditors 
Deloitte 
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Audit Firm 
Deloitte & Touche House 
Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Bankers 
Bank of America 
The Harcourt Building 
Harcourt Street 
Dublin 2 
Solicitors 
A&L Goodbody 
International Financial Services Centre 
Dublin 1 
Company number 
81753 
2 


Longnorth Limited 
Directors' report 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
The directors present their onnuol report and the audited financial statements of the cnmpnny for 
the finonciol i•eor ended 30 Arri I 2016. 
Principal activity 
The company is a holding compani•- Details of the compan)"s subsidiaries nnd associate arc scr 
out in note 6 tu the fin:mci:il statements. 
1\s a rcsulr of 1hc OC\\' Companies Acl 201,1 being cffccri,·e I June 2015, the law of the D,\C 
applies without anr name change to the company. 17,e directors ho,·c decidc'll to rcmoin as LTD. 
Performance review 
Buth the b·cl of business ond the financi:tl year-end fimncial position were sa1isfoctmy. On 31 
October 2015 the remaining trnding activities ofa subsidiary of the company, Clintock Limited, 
were trnnsferrcd tu Brown Furman Netherlands ll.\'. On this date Clinrock Limited became nn 
im·emncnt holding companr. Clinruck holds nn in,·cstmcnt in SCI IE Pmpertics Limited. SCI IE 
Pmpcrtics LimEtcJ gcncr.m:J income from the subliccnsc of intcllcctunl property rights. ,\21 uf 31 
Januory 201 r. SCI IE Properties l..imired ceased performing this function nnd the group is 
liqui«.foting SCI IE Pmpcrtici. l.imitct.l. It is not consic.lcrcd necessary to recognise :in impairment 
loss in respect of the company's im•cstmcnr in Clintnck Limited. 
Risks :.a.nd unccrtaintits 
,\s 1he company is an im·csrment holding company, 1he directors arc of 1he opinion that rhe key 
risk facing rhe cnmp3ny is the possible diminution in the carrying v:iluc of the investments helJ in 
its im·cstccs. It is thcrcfon: inc.lirccdy subject ro the risks and uncertainties cspcricnccJ by its 
im·estces. Its in\'Cstees predominantly orernre in 1he alcoholic bc,·erngcs industry. The direcrurs 
ha,·e determined 1hat rhe m:,in risks and unccrtointies pcrroining 10 the alcohoLic bc,·erogc 
acci\·itiC!i of its im·e:uccs arc the compctith·c nature nf the premium spirits m~kct and the reliance 
on n small number of products to make up the m:,jnrity of the tumm·er and gross prnfil b'Cnerared 
b}' its im·cstccs. Tn off.set rhcsc risks, the management of the company's in,·cstccs make 
sustain:ibk:, focused m.1rkering in,·cstmcnrs. J n :idJition, the company's im·csrecs :trc nurruring: a 
number of produc1s wi1h long lcrm porential tn expand the ranb>c of products. 
Future developments 
The directors cspcct that the present lc\·el of acti1·i1y wiU be susra.incd fiir 1he foreseeable fun.re. 
Results, dividends and reserves 
The luss after 1a.sa1inn for the financial year was USSl<i,000 (2015: USSl2,IHM)). The comrany did 
not pay ""l' di,·idends during the financial year (2015: USSnil). Reser\'es nr 30 April 2016 were 
USS6,531,lHJO (.'.!015: USSG,547,IMIU). 
Events since the financfal year end 
There h:ivc been nn si1,lflific:1nt C\'Cnts since year end. 


Longnorth Limited 
Directors' report ( continued) 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
Accounting records 
The measures rhat the <lirccrors ha,·c taken to ensure compliance with the requirements or 
Sections 2R1 to 2R5, of the Cnmpanics Act 2014 with reg:m.l tn the keeping nf nccounting records 
nre the employment nf appropriotelj' qunlified nccnunting personnel nnd the maintenance of 
computerised nccounting systems. The compnny's nccouncing records arc maintained at the 
company's registered office or Esru:iry I louse, Blnck P7, East Point Business Pork, Frun·iew, 
Dublin 3, Ireland. 
Directors and secretary 
The directors, who sen·ed at nny time during the finnnci,I ye,r except as noted, were •• follows: 
Directors 
l\ls. ~I.E. Barrrumttn (USA) 
l\ls. L Cunningham (US,\) 
l\lr. I.. Combs (USA) 
l\lr. A. 1\lrnrcz (US,\) 
ills. J. Adam (USA) 
Secretary 
l\ls. l\l.E. Barrazotto 
Directors' Kod secretary's interests in shares 
No Uircctnr or SL'Crctary h:iJ, nt any time during the rear, n beneficial interest in the shares of the 
company. 
The beneficial intcrcsrs, including the interests or spouses and minor children, of the directors :md 
rhc compan)' secretary who held office nt 311 April 21116, in d1e share capir.il of the ultimate parent 
cnmpanr, llmwn-Furrnan Curpnrntinn, :it 30 ,\pril 2016 and 1 Ml)' 2015, nrc less than I"', of the 
tot>I shore capirnl of the crnnpanr. 
Approval or Reduced Disclosures 
The company, :1.s • qualifying entity has mkcn ad,·ant,gc of the disclosures exemption in FRS I 02 
parngraph 1.12. The company'• shareholders ha,·e been notified in \\"riling about rl1e intention t11 
mkc :u.h-:mrngc of rhc disclosure cxe;,,pcion and no objccrions hnxc been rccch-cd. 
The cnmpany :ilsu intent.ls to take mh·anrngc of these exemptions in the fin:mcial sc:11cmcnts to be 
issued in the following year. Objections may be scn·ed on the company by .\mcrcain ln\'cstments 
C.V., ns the immediotc parent of the cntuy. 
Going concern 
The directors outhnc their mm:ssmcnt of going concern in note 1. 
Auditon 
The :iuditnrs, Deloitte, Chartered Accountants and Stnrutory Audit Firm, continue in office in 
occordance with Section 383(2) of the Companies ,\ct 2014. 
Approved by the Board and signed on its beb:llfby: 
Dotc!e], g 20/7 
' 
4 


Longnorth Limited 
Directors' responsibilities statement 
The directors arc responsible for preparing the directors' report and the financial statements in 
accordance with the Companies Act 2014 and the applicable regulations. 
Irish company law requires the directors to prepare fimtnc:ial statements for each fin:1nci:1) year. Under 
the law, the directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with FRS 102 
The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Ireland ("relevant financial reporting 
framework"). Under company law, the directors must not approve the financial statements unless 
they a.re satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position of 
the company as at the financial year end date and of the profit or loss of the company for the 
financial year and otherwise comply with the Companies 1\ct 2014. 
In preparing those financial statements, the directors are required to; 
select suitable accounting policies for the Company Financial Statements and then apply them 
consistently; 
make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; 
state whether the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with tl1c applicable 
accounting standards, identify those standards, and note tl1e effect and tl1e reasons for any material 
departure from those standards; and 
prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume 
that the company will continue in business. 
The directors arc responsible for ensuring that the company keeps or causes to be kept adequate 
accounting records which correctly explain and record the transactions of ilic company, enable at any 
time the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the company to be determined with 
reasonable accuracy, enable them to ensure that ilic financial statements and directors' report comply 
wit!, the Companies Act 2014 and enable the financial statements to be audited. They are also 
responsible for safeguarding ilic assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the 
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. 
5 


Deloitte. 
Independent auditors' report 
to the members of Longnorth Limited 
Deloitte 
Chartered Accountants & 
Statutory Audit Firm 
We have audited the financial statements of Longnorth Limited for the financial year ended 30 
April 2016 which comprise the Profit and Loss Account, the Balance Sheet, Statement of Changes 
in Equity and the related notes 1 to 11. The relevant financial reporting framework that has been 
applied in their preparation is the Companies Act 2014 and FRS 102 The Financial Reporting 
Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland ("relevant financial reporting framework"). 
This report is made solely to the company's members, as a body, in accordance with Section 391 
of the Companies Act 2014. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the 
company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditors' report and for 
no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume 
responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company's members as a body, for our 
audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed. 
Respective responsibilities of directors and auditors 
As explained more fully in the Directors' Responsibilities Statement, the directors are responsible 
for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair 
view and otherwise comply with the Companies Act 2014. Our responsibility is to audit and 
express an opinion on the financial statements in accordance with the Companies Act 2014 and 
International Standards on Auditing (UK and Ireland). Those standards require us to comply with 
the Auditing Practices Board's Ethical Standards for Auditors. 
Scope of the audit of the financial statements 
An audit involves obtaining evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial 
statements sufficient to give reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free from 
material misstatement, whether caused by fraud or error. This includes an assessment of: whether 
the accounting policies are appropriate to the company's circumstances and have been 
consistently applied and adequately disclosed; the reasonableness of significant accounting 
estimates made by the directors; and the overall presentation of the financial statements. In 
addition, we read all the financial and non-financial information in the Reports and Financial 
Statements for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 to identify material inconsistencies with tl1e 
audited financial statements and to identify any information that is apparently materially incorrect 
based on, or materially inconsistent with, the knowledge acquired by us in the course of 
performing the audit. If we become aware of any apparent material misstatements or 
inconsistencies we consider the implications for our report. 
continued on next page 
Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu 

\ 
\ 

Deloitte. 
continued from previous page 
Independent auditors' report 
to the members of Longnorth Limited 
Opinion on financial statements 
In our opinion the financial statements: 
give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position of the company as at 30 
April 2016 and of the loss for the financial year then ended; and 
have been properly prepared in accordance with the relevant financial reporting framework 
an~, in particular, with the requirements of the Companies Act 2014. 
Mat!ers on which we are required to report by the Companies Act 2014 
We have obtained all the information and explanations which we consider necessary for 
the purposes of our audit. 
In our opinion the accounting records of the company were sufficient to permit the financial 
statements to be readily and properly audited. 
The financial statements are in agreement with the accounting records. 
• In our opinion the information given in the directors' report is consistent with the financial 
statements. 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
We have nothing to report in respect of the provisions in the Companies Acts 2014 which require 
us to report to you if, in our opinion, the disclosures of directors' remuneration and transactions 
specified by law are not made. 
Erner O'Shaughness'"'..:!y ___ _ 
For and on behalf of Deloitte 
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Audit Firm 
Dublin 
• 
Date: c-,?(3 /'2-/4 ~ 


Longnorth Limited 
Profit and loss account 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
Note 
Administr:ition costs 
Loss on ordinary activities before taxation 
3 
Tai;ntion 
4 
Loss on ordinary activities after taxation 
2016 
US$'000 
(16) 
(16) 
(16) 
2015 
USS'000 
The company's activities consist solely of continuing operations. All recognised gains and losses for both the current 
financial year and the previous financial year arc included in the profit and loss account. 
B 
(12) 
(12) 
(12) 


Longnorth Limited 
Balance sheet 
as at 30 April 2016 
Fixed assets 
Financial assets 
Current assets 
Cash at bank and in hand 
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 
Net current liabilities 
Net assets 
Capital and reserves 
Share capital 
Profit and loss account 
Shareholder's funds 
Note 
6 
7 
8 
9 
2016 
2015 
US$'000 
US$'000 
6,617 
6,617 
2 
3 
2 
3 
(88) 
(73) 
(86) 
(70) 
6,531 
6,5-H 
6,531 
6,547 
6,531 
6,547 


Longnorth Limited 
Statement of changes in equity 
For the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
Called up 
Profit and 
share 
loss 
capital 
account 
Total 
US$'000 
US$'000 
US$'000 
At 1 i\lay 2014 
6,559 
6,559 
Loss for the financial year 
(12) 
(12) 
At 30 April 2015 
6,547 
6,547 
At 1 i\Iay 2015 
6,547 
6,547 
Loss for the financial year 
(16) 
(16) 
At 30 April 2016 
6,531 
6,531 
10 


Longnorth Limited 
Notes to the financial statements 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
1 
Accounting policies 
The principal accnunting policies are summarised bdnw. They ha,·c been applied consistently 
throui;hnut the fin~ncial year and tu the preceding year. 
Basia of preparation 
"Jbe financial statements arc prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2014 and FRS 102 The 
Financinl Rcl'orting S1anJanl applicable in the UK and Republic uf lrcbml. 
Group accounts 
11tcsc financial st:1tcmcnts pre.sent information about 1hc company :is an inJi\·iJual um.lcnaking nm.I nut 
about its group. In acconlancc with Section 31H) Companies Act 21114, the company is c.,empr from the 
nbligatinn m prcp;irc and dcli\'cr gn,up financial sratcmcnts as it is n subsidiary of a hokling unJcrmking 
rhar is nnr established under the laws of an EEA ,rare. The company is included within the consolidated 
financinl statements ofBmwn-Fnrman Corporation, incorporated in the US,\. 
Basis of accounting 
Lon1,'Dnrth Limitc-d is a company incorpornrcd in Ireland under the Companies Acr 2014. The address 
of rhe registered office is gi,·en on pai,,c 2. 'l11e narurc of rhc cnmpani• operations and its principal 
acth·itics nrc set out in the UU"Ccror's report on pages 3 to 4. 
"11,c financial st:J.tcmcnts hn.vc been prepared under the hi!limrical cost cnn,·cnri11n, modified r,1 include 
certain items nr fair \'oluc, and in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard I 02 (FRS 1112) issued by 
the Financial Reporting Council, and promulgated for use in Ireland by Chartered Accountants Ireland. 
Fur more inform:nion sec note 11. 
·11,c functional currency of l.o"b'DOrlh Limited is considered 10 be USO because that is the currency of 
the prim:iry ccnnnmic environment in which the comp:inr orcr:ircs. 
These financial statements arc scp:tr.itc finrmcinl statements. 
l.onb'D□rth l.imireu meets the definition of a 4ualifying entil)· under FRS 102 and has therefore taken 
~u.h·::mragc of the Ji.sclosurc exemptions a,·ailablc to it in respect uf i1s separate linancial statcmenrs. 
LonE,rnorrh Jjmired is consoliJ:ncd in the fin:incial s1:ncmcnts of i1s ultim:irc parent, Brown Furman 
Corporation, which arc 0\-0iloble from the Companies I louse, 851! Dixie I lighwny, l..,iuis,·ille, Kenruc~1·, 
402 IO. Exemption~ h:1\"c been 1.1kcn in thc~c scpar.ite company fin:mcial smrc~nts in relation co 
fuinnci.-tl instruments, prc~cnt;iti1m of n cash Ouw srarcmcnr, key m:anagemcnt compensation anti rclatcll 
party transactions. 
11 


Longnorth Limited 
Notes to the financial statements (continued) 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
Going concern 
The profit anJ ln,s account shows that the compan)' gener:ncJ a loss after t::1xntion of USSl6,(HJIJ (2015: 
USS12,(HJ0) and the balance sheet shows net current liabilities ofUSSH6,(HHJ (:!(l15: USS70,000). 17,e 
uhimatc parent cnmpan)' hos indicated that it \\'ill pro,.jde the necessary financial support to enable the 
company to concinuc its existing 5c:ilc of opcrarions for n pcric,d of nt lc:1sr 1:? months from the dare of 
signing of the financial st::1tcments. The directors nre therefore satisfied as m the nppropriarene,s of the 
going concern basis of accounting. 
Financial Instruments 
Finoncinl osscts onJ financial liabilities nre recognised when the compan)' becomes n party to the 
contractual pnn'isions of the instrument. 
Financial liabilities and equity iosttuments nrc classified according to the substnncc of the contrncrual 
arr:tngcmcnts cnrcrctl inro. An cquiq• instrument is any cont.mer tl1;it c,·ic.lcnccs :i rcsiJu:tl interest in the 
osscts of the companr after deducting nil of its lbbilitics. 
Financial assets and liabilities 
,\II financial assets and liabilities arc initiall)' measured at transaction price (including transaction costs), 
except for those financial assets classified os at fair 1-aluc through profit or lnss, which arc initbll)' 
measured ar fair ,-aluc (which is normally rhe transaction price excluding transaction costs), unless the 
arrangement cnni-;rin1rcs n financing tr:ms:tction. I fan a.rr:1ngcmcnrconstirurcs :1 f1nancing tr:msaction, 
the financial asser or financial liability is mc,surcd ot the present ,·oluc of the furure parmcnts 
discnuntcJ at 3 market r.ire or interest for :1 similnr Ucbt instrument. 
Fin:mci:11 :isscts am.I li:ibilitics :in: onlr offset in the 5't:ltemcnr of financial position when, anJ only when 
there exis1s :i legally enforceable righr rn sci off rhc rccugniscJ nm,,unrn :mJ the c11mp:my in1cm.h; either 
to scrtle on a net basis, or ro realise the osset aml settle the liability simultancnusly. 
Financial asscrs arc dcrccogniscd when and only when •) the cuntracruol rights 10 the cash nows from 
the financiol ,ssct expire ur arc settled, b) the company transfers to another part)' substantinll)' all of the 
risks :mJ rewards or ownership of the linancial asset, or c) the comp:in)'. despite h:l\'ing retaim .. -J some, 
but nor all, sis,'"ific:mt risks and rc,,-:irt.ls of ownership, has trans ferret.I control of the asset m another 
party. 
Financial liabilities :ire dcrecob'Tliscd only \\'hen the obligation •pccilied in the cnntrocr is discharged, 
c:mccllc<l or expires. 
ln,·cstmcnr,; 
Investments in subsidiaries and o.ssoci:ucs arc measured :n cnsr less impairmcnr. 
12 


Longnorth Limited 
Notes to the financial statements (continued) 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
Impairment of Assets 
A~scts, other than those mcasurcJ at iair value, nrc a:1scsscc.J (or im.licator~ nfimpairmcnt :n each 
bal:lnce sheet date. If there is objccti,·e c\"idcncc of impairment, an impairment lnss is recognised in 
profit or loss as described below. 
Non-financi.1.I assets 
An :issct is impaired where there is objective c,•iJcncc thar, :rn a result of one or more e,·cnts rh~u 
occurred after initial recognition, the cstjmated rccm·crablc \'aluc of the asset has been reduced to below 
its carrying amnunt. The rccm·crablc amount of an asset is the higher nf its fair rnluc less costs to sell 
and its value in use. 
Where indicators exist for• decrease in impairment loss, the prior impairment loss is tested to 
determine rc,·crsal. An impairment lm;s jp; rcvcrscJ on an imli\'iJual irnpaircJ :u:sct tu the extent th:u 
the rc,·iscJ rcco,·crablc vnluc Jucs not lc:uJ to a rc,·iscJ carrying amount higher than the carrying value 
haJ no impainncnr been rccobrniscJ. 
I•inancial asi;crs 
If at the end of the reporting period, there is objecti\"c evidence of impairment (including obscn·ablc 
data about km c,·ents), the company recognises an impairment loss in pm fit or loss immcdiatcl)'· !"'or 
financial assets carried at amortised cost, the amount of impairment is the JiITcrcncc between 1hc asset's 
carrying amount anJ the present Y:tluc of cstim:ttcd fururc cash nows. JiscountcJ ar the financial asset's 
original cffccti,·c interest r.irc. 
For financi:il assets carried ar cost less impairment, the impnirmcnr loss is the difference bcrwccn the 
asset's carrying amnunt and the besr estimate of the amount that would be rccci1·ei.l for the asset if it 
were to be snkl at the reporting dare. 
Where inJicaturs exist for 3 decrease in impairment Ins:,;, am.I the: Jccrcasc can be related ubjccrh-cly tn 
nn C\'Cnt occurring :ifrcr the impairment ,vas recognised, the prior impairment loss is tested to Jctcrminc 
rc,·crnl. An impairment loss is rcvcrsL-d nn an im.Ji,·iJual impaired fin:inti3l :asset tu the: extent that the 
re,·ised recm·er,ble \'aluc doc• nnt IC<1d to a rc,·iscd tart)·ing amount higher thon the c:u-ryin1i ,.,.luc had 
no impairment been rl'C□b'Tliscd. 
Foreign currencies 
r\5Scts ond liabilities arc dennrninatcd inm US Dollars at the rates of exchange ruling at the babncc 
sheet date. Transactions denorninoted in forei!,'11 currencies during the finnncial year arc translated inm 
US Dollars at the rates of exchange ruling nn the dates an which the transactions occurred. Profits and 
lusscs on tl11.:sc tran:11actit1ns arc dealt with rhn,ugh the profit nm.I loss account. 
Taxation 
'Inc chnrge for mxation is based nn the profit for the year. Deferred tnsatinn is calculated on the 
differences between the comp:my1s rn.x:iblc profits nnJ the results as stared in the financi3I ,aarcmcms 
that arise from the inclusion of bsuns ond lnsses in 1a., assessments in periods different from those in 
wruch they arc recognized in the linancial statements. 
13 


Longnorth Limited 
Notes to the financial statements (continued) 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
2 
Critical Accounting Judgements and Key Sources of Estimation 
Uncertainty 
In the npplicntion of the Companr's nccounting policies, which nrc dc•cribcd in note I, the dircctnrs nrc 
rc1.1uirci.l m mnke jui.li:cments, C5timatc5 ani.1 assumrtinns nbnur thr cnrrying nmnunrs of , .. cts om! 
liabilities that nrc nor rcni.lil)' npparcnt from nrhcr sources. The estimntes nni.l associnrei.l assumptions nrc 
basei.l on historicnl espcrience ani.1 other foc1urs thnt nre cunsii.lcrei.l to be rclcl'nnt. Actunl results may 
differ from these cstim:ncs. 11,c cst.im:ttcs ant.I umJcrlying assumptioni; arc reviewed un an ungning 
basis. Revisions to :tccnunting estimates :ire recognised in the period in which the cstim:Hc is rcviscJ if 
the rc\·ision nrfccrs only rhar period or in the pcrinJ of the rc,ision and fururc pcriuJs if the rcYision 
nffccts both current nni.l future pcriui.ls. 
Critical judgements in appl)'ing the Compaoy's accounting policies 
There were neither cricic:d nccuunting estimates nor significnnr ju<lJ.,rcmcnrs used in the preparation of 
these financial stntc-mcnts. 
3 
Loss on ordinary activities before taxation 
This is sr.uci.l after chnrging/(crcditing): 
Dircctc,rs' pcnKi1,n 
Dirccu,rs' rcmuncr.iti11n 
Furcib'" cxchonb"' losses/ (i,>:iins) 
Directors' rcmuncrntion is home b}' another J.,TTOup cnmp:iny. 
4 
Ta."ation 
2016 
USS'0OO 
·11,c comp:tn}' diJ not incur nnr corpnr:uion tax during the year. The comp:my is r.L\: rci,;iJcnt in 
Bermuda where the srnm.l:ll'J rate or corpnratinn ta\: is 0~ it. 
Loss on urc.linary :icti,-itics before ta.."C:ition 
Loss on ordinary ncti,·itics multiplied by the rare of curpuratiun ta.< for 
the rcorofn•, ('.!015: O"o) 
Effects of: 
Exempt losses 
Current rn., chnrgc for the finnnci.11 year 
5 
Staff members and costs 
The company had no employees i.luriog the financial yenr (2015: Nil). 
2016 
USS'000 
(16) 
2015 
USS'OOO 
(1) 
2015 
USS'OOO 
(12) 


Longnorth Limited 
Notes to the financial statements ( continued) 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
6 
Financial assets 
Investment in subsidiaries 
Investment in associate 
Investment in subsidiaries 
Opening and closing balances 
2016 
2015 
US$'000 
USS'OOO 
6,617 
6,617 
6,617 
6,617 
6,617 
6,617 
111e investment in associate represents a 20% shareholding in Edward Dillon & Co Limited. ·n1e carrying value of the 
investment is zero because <luring the rear ended 30 April 2013 an impairment loss was reco1,rnise<l in full in respect of the 
investment. 
Investments in subsidiaries 
2016 
Clintock Limited 
BFC Tc4uib I.imite<l 
SCI IE Properties Limited 
2015 
Clintock Limited 
BrC Tct1uila l.imited 
SCI IE Properties Limited 
Activity 
Investment holding company 
Alcoholic drinks marketing 
Generation of royalty income 
Investment holding company 
Alcoholic drinks marketing 
Generation of royalty income 
Shareholding 
100% 
100% 
100'1/o 
100% 
100% 
100% 
The shareholding in SCI CE Properties Limited is owned br Clintock Limited. 
On 31 October 2015 the remaining trading activities of a subsidiary of the companr, Clintock I .imite<l, were transferred to 
Brown Forman Netherlands B.V. On this <late Clintock Limited became an investment holding company. Clintock holds an 
investment in SCI IE Properties Limited. SCI IE Properties Limited generntc<l income from the sublicense of intellectual 
property rights. As of 31 January 2016 SCI m Properties Limited ceased performing this function and the group is 
lit1uidating SCI IE Properties Limited. It is not considered necessary to recognise an impairment loss in respect of the 
company's investment in Clintuck Limited. 
Clintock Limited, BFC Te4uila I.imited and SCI IE Properties Limited arc incorporated in the Republic of Ireland. 111e 
rq.,ristcrcd offices of Clintnck Limited and BFC Tct1uila Limited arc at Estuary I louse, Block 1'7, East Point Business Park, 
Fairview, Dublin 3. 1nc registered office of SCI IE Properties Limited is at 70 Sir John Rogcrson's Qua}', Dublin 2. 
15 

-----==========================---

Longnorth Limited 
Notes to the financial statements (continued) 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
7 
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 
Amounts owed to group companies 
:\ccrunls 
8 
Share capital presented as equity 
Authorised: 
1,000 ordinary shares ofE:1.269738 each 
Equivalent to US$ 
1,000 ordinary shares 
Allotted, called-up and fully paid 
100 ordinary shares of €1.269738 each 
Equivalent to US$ 
100 ordinary shares 
€ 
$ 
€ 
$ 
2016 
US$'000 
2016 
83 
5 
88 
1,270 
€ 
1,500 
$ 
127 
€ 
The Company has one class of issued ordinary shares, which carry no right to fixed income. 
16 
2015 
US$'000 
2015 
68 
5 
73 
1,270 
1,500 
127 
150 


Longnorth Limited 
Notes to the financial statements ( continued) 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2016 
9 
Related party transactions 
The company has taken advantage of the exemption under Section 33 of FRS 102, "Related Party 
Disclosures" not to disclose any transactions with other group companies on the basis that the 
consolidated financial stlltements of the ultimate parent company arc publicly available. 
10 
Parent company 
The immediate parent undertaking and controlling party is Amercain Investments C.V., a limited 
partnership established in The Netherlands. 
The company regards Brown-Forman Corporation, a company incorporated in the USA, as its 
ultimate parent company and controlling party. The smallest and largest group into which the results 
of the company arc consolidated is that headed by Brown-Forman Corporation. Copies of the 
financial statements of Brown-Forman Corporation arc available at PO Box 1080, Louisville, 
1-::cntucky 40210, USA 
11 
Explanation of Transition to FRS 102 
This is the first year the company has presented its financial statements under Financial Reporting 
Standard 102 (FRS 102) issued by the Financial Reporting Council. The last financial statements 
under previous Irish GA.AP were for the year ended 30 April 2015 and the date of transition to FRS 
102 was therefore 1 l\Iay 20H. As a consequence of adopting FRS 102, a number of accounting 
policies have been changed to comply with that standard. None of these changes have resulted in an 
adjustment to equity reported under previous Irish GA.AP at 30 April 2015 or 1 :\Iay 2015 and there 
was no effect on losses previously reported for the year ended 30 1\pril 2015. 
17 


(Mark One) 
□ 
UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 
Form 10-K 
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016 
OR 
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the transition period from ____ to ___ _ 
Commission File Number 002-26821 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
Delaware 
61-0143150 
(Stale or other jurisdiclion of 
incorporation or organization) 
(IRS Employer lden1ifica1ion No.) 
850 Dixie Highway 
Louisville, Kentucky 
40210 
(Address of principal executive offices) 
(Zip Code) 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code (502) 585-1100 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
Title of each class 
Class A Common Stock (voting) $0.15 par value 
Class B Common Stock (nonvoting) $0.15 par value 
Name of each exchange on which registered 
New York Stock Exchange 
New York Stock Exchange 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Acl. 
Yes 0 
No D 
Indicate by check mark if 1hc registrant is nol required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section I 5(d) of the Act. 
Yes D 
No Ii!! 
lndicale by check mark whelher the regislranl (I) has filed all reports required 10 be filed by Seclion 13 or I 5(d) of 1he Securilies Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 
months (or for such shor1er period that the registrant was required 10 file such reports), and (2) has been subject 10 such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
Yes Ii!! 
No D 
Indicate by check mark whether lhe registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and 
posted pursuant to Ruic 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period 1hat the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
Yes Ii!! 
No D 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's 
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form I 0-K or any amendment to this Form I 0-K. 
D 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non~accclcratcd filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of"large 
accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule I 2b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
Large accelerated filer li!l 
Accelerated filer D 
Non-accelerated filer D 
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
Indicate by check mark whether 1hc registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule I 2b-2 of the Act). 
Yes D 
No 0 
Smaller reporting company D 
The aggregate market value, as of the last business day of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter, of the voting and nonvoting equity held by nonaffiliates of the 
registrant was approximately S 15,400,000,000. 
The number of shares outstanding for each of lhe registrant's classes of Common Stock on May 31, 2016, was: 
Class A Common Slock ( voling) 
Class B Common Stock (nonvoting) 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
84,509,838 
1 I2,418,I05 
Portions of the Proxy Statement of Registrant for use in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held July 28, 2016, are incorporated by reference inlo Part III of 
lhis report. 


PART! 
Item I. 
Item IA. 
Item 1B. 
Item 2. 
Item 3. 
Item 4. 
PART II 
Item 5. 
Item 6. 
Item 7. 
ltem7A. 
Item 8. 
Item 9. 
ltem9A. 
ltem9B . 
.fARI.lll 
Item 10. 
Item II. 
Item 12. 
Item 13. 
Item 14. 
PART IV 
Business 
Risk Factors 
Unresolved StaffCommcnts 
Properties 
Legal Proceedings 
Mine Sufoty Disclosures 
Table of Contents 
Market for the Registrant's Common Equity Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
Selected Financial Data 
Management's Discussion and Analysis ofFinancial (,'ondition and Results of Operations 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about [\·larket Risk 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
Changes in and Disagreemen1s with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
Controls and Procedures 
Other Information 
Directors Executive Officers and Comorate Governance 
Fxccutive Compensation 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
Item 15. 
Exhibits and financial Statements Schedules 
SIGNATIJRES 
SCHEDULE II- Valuation and Oualitvin° Accounts 
2 
.:!. 
11 
11 
ll. 
18 
ll. 
.1.2. 
21 
22 
44 
i{i_ 
Ji 
1i 
li 
1i 
Ji 
75 
76 
76 
~ 
ll 


Forward-Looking Statement Information. Certain matters discussed in this report, including the information presented in Part II under "Item 7. 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," contain statements, estimates, and projections that are "forward-
looking statements" as defined under U.S. federal securities laws. Words such as "aim," "anticipate," "aspire," "believe,", "can," "continue," "could," 
"envision," "estimate," "expect," "expectation," "intend," "may," "might," "plan," "potential," "project," "pursue," "see," "seek," "should," "will," "would," 
and similar words identify forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date we make them. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update 
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. By their nature, forward-looking statements 
involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors (many beyond our control) that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience 
or from our current expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I under "Item I A. Risk 
Factors" and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including: 
Unfavorable global or regional economic conditions, and related low consumer confidence, high unemployment, weak credit or capital markets, budget 
deficits, burdensome government debt, austerity measures, higher interest rates, higher taxes, political instability, higher inflation, deflation, lower 
returns on pension assets, or lower discount rates for pension obligations 
Risks associated with being a U.S.-based company with global operations, including commercial, political, and financial risks; local labor policies and 
conditions; protectionist trade policies or economic or trade sanctions; compliance with local trade practices and other regulations, including anti-
corruption laws; terrorism; and health pandemics 
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly a stronger U.S. dollar 
Changes in laws, regulations, or policies - especially those that affect the production, importation, marketing, labeling, pricing, distribution, sale, or 
consumption ofour beverage alcohol products 
Tax rate changes (including excise, sales, VAT, tariffs, duties, corporate, individual income, dividends, capital gains) or changes in related reserves, 
changes in tax rules (for example, LIFO, foreign income deferral, U.S. manufacturing, and other deductions) or accounting standards, and the 
unpredictability and suddenness with which they can occur 
Dependence upon the continued growth of the Jack Daniel's family ofbrands 
Changes in consumer preferences, consumption, or purchase patterns - particularly away from larger producers in favor of smaller distilleries or local 
producers, or away from brown spirits, our premium products, or spirits generally, and our ability to anticipate or react to them; bar, restaurant, travel, or 
other on-premise declines; shifts in demographic trends; or unfavorable consumer reaction to new products, line extensions, package changes, product 
reformulations, or other product innovation 
Decline in the social acceptability of beverage alcohol in significant markets 
Production facility, aging warehouse, or supply chain disruption 
Imprecision in supply/demand forecasting 
Higher costs, lower quality, or unavailability of energy, water, raw materials, product ingredients, labor, or finished goods 
Route-to-consumer changes that affect the timing of our sales, temporarily disrupt the marketing or sale of our products, or result in higher 
implementation-related or fixed costs 
Inventory fluctuations in our products by distributors, wholesalers, or retailers 
Competitors' consolidation or other competitive activities, such as pricing actions (including price reductions, promotions, discounting, couponing, or 
free goods), marketing, category expansion, product introductions, or entry or expansion in our geographic markets or distribution networks 
Risks associated with acquisitions, dispositions, business partnerships, or investments - such as acquisition integration, or termination difficulties or 
costs, or impairment in recorded value 
Inadequate protection of our intellectual property rights 
Product recalls or other product liability claims; or product counterfeiting, tampering, contamination, or product quality issues 
Significant legal disputes and proceedings; or government investigations 
Failure or breach of key information technology systems 
Negative publicity related to our company, brands, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects 
Failure to attract or retain key executive or employee talent 
Our status as a family "controlled company" under New York Stock Exchange rules 
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information. Certain matters discussed in this report, including the information presented in Part II under "Item 7. 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," include measures that are not measures of financial performance 
under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for any 
• measure derived in accordance with GAAP, and also may be inconsistent with similarly-titled measures presented by other companies. In Part II under "Item 
7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," we present the reasons we use these measures under the 
heading, "Non-GAAP Financial Measures," and we present reconciliations of these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures under the 
heading "Results of Operations- Year-Over-Year Comparisons." 
3 


Item 1. Business 
Overview 
PARTI 
Brown-Forman Corporation (the "Company," "Brown-Forman," "we," "us," or "our" below) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 
1933, successor to a business founded in 1870 as a partnership and later incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky in 190 I. We 
primarily manufacture, bottle, import, export, market, and sell a wide variety of alcoholic beverages under recognized brands. We employ over 4,600 people 
on six continents, including about 1,300 people in Louisville, Kentucky, USA, home of our world headquarters. We are the largest American-owned spirits 
and wine company with global reach. We are a "controlled company" under New York Stock Exchange rules, and the Brown family owns a majority of our 
voting stock. 
Fora discussion ofrecent developments, see "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis ofFinancial Condition and Results ofOperations-
Executive Summary - Overview." 
Brands 
Beginning in 1870 with Old Forester Bourbon Whisky- our founding brand- and spanning the generations since, we have built a portfolio of more 
than 40 spirit, wine, and ready-to-drink cocktail (RTD) brands that includes some of the best-known and most-loved trademarks in our industry. The most 
important brand in our portfolio is Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, which is the fourth-largest spirits brand of any kind and the largest American whiskey 
brand in the world, according to Impact Databank's "Top 100 Premium Spirits Brands Worldwide" list. 1 In its third year on the list, Jack Daniel's Tennessee 
Honey is the second-largest-selling flavored whiskey on the Worldwide Impact list, selling over 1.5 million nine-liter cases in calendar year 2015, up 13% 
from the prior calendar year. 1 Additionally, Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire was designated as an Impact "Hot Brand" 1 in its first full calendar year (2015). Our 
other leading global brands on the Worldwide Impact list are Finlandia, the ninth-largest-selling vodka; Canadian Mist, the fourth-largest-selling Canadian 
whisky; and el Jimador, which is the fourth-largest-selling tequila and designated as an Impact "Hot Brand".1 
Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey 
Jack Daniel's RTDs 
Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey 
Gentleman Jack Rare Tennessee Whis,key 
Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire 
Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Collection2 
Jack Daniel's Sinatra Select 
Jack Daniel's Winter Jack 
Jack Daniel's No. 27 Gold Tennessee Whiskey 
Finlandia Vodkas 
Finlandia RTDs 
Korbel California Champagnes3 
Korbel California Brandy3 
Principal Brands 
Woodford Reserve Kentucky Bourbons 
el JimadorTequilas 
el Jimador New Mix RTDs 
Herradura Tequilas 
Canadian Mist Canadian Whisky 
Sonoma-Cutrer California Wines 
Early Times Kentucky Whisky and Bourbon 
Chambord Liqueur 
Old Forester Kentucky Bourbon 
Antigua Tequila 
Pepe Lopez Tequila 
Santa Dose Cacha~a 
Collingwood Canadian Whisky 
See "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Fiscal 2015 Brand 
Highlights" for details on the performance of our brands. 
'Impact Databank. a well-known U.S. trade publication, published these industry statistics in March 2016. 
2The Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Collection includes Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Select, Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Barrel Proof, Jack 
Daniel's Single Barrel Rye, and Jack Daniel's Single Barrel 100 Proof. 
3While Korbel is not an owned brand, we sell Korbel products under contract in the United States and other select markets. 
4 


Our vision in marketing is to "be the best brand builders in the industry." We build our brands by investing in programs that we believe create enduring 
connections with our consumers. These programs cover a wide spectrum of activities, including media (TV, radio, print, outdoor, and, increasingly, digital 
and social media), consumer and trade promotions, sponsorships, and visitor center programs at our distilleries and our winery. We expect to grow our sales 
and profits by consistently delivering creative, responsible marketing programs that drive brand recognition, brand trial, brand loyalty, and, ultimately, 
consumer demand around the world. 
Markets 
We sell our products in approximately 160 countries around the world. The United States, our largest, most important market, accounted for 46% of our 
net sales in fiscal 2016. Our largest international markets include the United Kingdom, Australia, Mexico, Ge1many, Poland, France, Turkey, Russia, Canada, 
and Brazil. Over the last IO years, we have greatly expanded our international footprint. In fiscal 20 I 6, we generated 54% ofournet sales outside the United 
States compared to 41% ten years ago. The U.S. proportion of net sales has grown from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2016, mainly due to the negative impact of 
foreign exchange on our international business. We present the percentage of total net sales by geographic area for our most recent three fiscal years and, to 
provide historical context, fiscal 2006, below: 
United States 
International: 
Europe 
Australia 
Other 
Total International* 
TOTAL 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
Percentage of Total Net Sales by Geographic Area 
2006 
59% 
41% 
100% 
Year ended April 30 
2014 
41% 
32% 
12% 
15% 
59% 
100% 
2015 
2016 
46% 
31% 
31% 
11% 
9% 
15% 
14% 
57% 
54% 
100% 
100% 
For details about net sales in our largest markets, refer to "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations - Fiscal 2016 Market Highlights." For details about our reportable segment and for additional geographic information about net sales and long-
lived assets, refer to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." For details on risks related 
to our global operations, see "Item I A. Risk Factors." 
Distribution Network and Customers 
Our distribution network, which we sometimes refer to as our "route-to-consumer" (RTC), takes a variety of forms, depending on (a) a market's laws and 
regulatory framework for trade in beverage alcohol, (b) our assessment of a market's long-term attractiveness and competitive dynamics, (c) the relative 
profitability of distribution options available to us, (d) the structure of the retail and wholesale trade in a market, and (e) our portfolio's development stage in 
a market. As these factors change, we evaluate our RTC strategy and, from time to time, adapt our model. 
In the United States, which generally prohibits wine and spirits manufacturers from selling their products directly to consumers, we sell our brands either 
to distributors or (in states that directly control alcohol sales) to state governments that then sell to retail customers and consumers. 
Outside the United States, we use a variety ofRTC models. We own and operate distribution companies in 13 markets: Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, 
the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hong Kong, South Korea, Mexico, Poland, Thailand, and Turkey. In these markets, and in a large portion of the travel 
retail channel, we sell our products directly to retailers, to wholesalers, or, in Canada, to provincial governments. In fiscal 2017, we plan to establish a new 
distribution company in Spain, which we expect to begin operating in fiscal 20 I 8. In the United Kingdom, we partner in a cost-sharing arrangement with 
another supplier, Bacardi Limited, to sell a portfolio of both companies' brands. In many other markets, including Italy, Japan, Russia, and South Afiica, we 
rely on others to distribute our brands, generally under fixed-term distribution contracts. 
We believe that our customer relationships are good. We believe our exposure to concentrations of credit risk is limited due to the diverse geographic 
areas covered by our operations. 


Seasonality 
Holiday buying makes the fourth calendar quarter the peak season for our business. For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016, 
approximately 32% ofournet sales were in the fourth calendar quarter. 
Competition 
Trade information indicates that we are one of the largest global suppliers of premium spirits and wine. According to International Wine & Spirit 
Research (the IWSR), for calendar year 2015, the ten largest global spirits companies controlled less than 20% of the total global market for spirits (on a 
volume basis). While we believe that the overall market environment offers considerable growth opportunities for us, our industry is now, and will remain, 
highly competitive. We compete against many global, regional, and local brands in a variety of categories of beverage alcohol, but most of our brands 
compete primarily in the industry's premium-and-higher price categories. Our competitors include major global wine and spirits companies, such as Bacardi 
Limited, Beam Suntory Inc., Davide Campari-Milano S.p.A., Diageo PLC, LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE, Pernod Ricard SA, and Remy Cointreau 
SA. In addition, particularly in the United States, we increasingly compete with (a) national companies, and (b) entrepreneurs, many of whom are recent 
entrants to the industry - typically with small-batch or craft spirit brands. 
Brand recognition, brand provenance, quality of product and packaging, availability, taste, and price affect consumers' choices among competing 
brands in our industry. Several factors influence consumers' buying decisions, including: advertising; promotions; merchandising in bars, restaurants, and 
shops; expert or celebrity endorsement; social media and word-0f-mouth; and the timing and relevance of new product introductions. Although some 
competitors have substantially greater resources than we do, we believe that our competitive position is strong, particularly as it relates to brand recognition, 
quality, availability, and relevance ofnew product introductions. 
Ingredients and Other Supplies 
The principal raw materials used in manufacturing and packaging our distilled spirits are water, com, rye, malted barley, agave, sugar, glass, cartons, 
PET (polyethylene terephthalate, a polymer used in non-glass containers), labels, and wood for barrels (used for storing whiskey and some tequilas). The 
principal raw materials used in liqueurs are neutral spirits, sugar, and wine, while the principal raw materials used in our RTD products are sugar, flavorings, 
neutral spirits, whiskey, tequila, and malt. The principal raw materials used in producing wines are grapes, packaging materials, and wood barrels. Our grape 
supply comes from a combination of our California vineyards and contracts with independent growers. We believe that our relationships with our growers are 
good. Currently, none of these raw materials is in short supply, but shortages could occur. From time to time, our agricultural ingredients (com, rye, malted 
barley, agave, and grapes) could be adversely affected by weather and other forces that might constrain supply. 
Whiskeys, certain tequilas, and other distilled spirits must be aged. Because we must schedule production to meet demand for these products years in 
the future, our inventories of them may be larger in relation to sales and total assets than in many other businesses. 
For details on risks related to the availability of raw materials and the uncertainty inherent in forecasting supply and demand, refer to "Item IA. Risk 
Factors." 
Intellectual Property 
Our intellectual property rights include trademarks, copyrights, proprietary packaging and trade dress, proprietary manufacturing technologies, know-
how, and patents. Our intellectual property, especially our trademarks, is essential to our business. We register our trademarks broadly - some of them in 
every country where registration is possible. We register others where we sell or expect to sell our products. We protect our intellectual property rights 
vigorously but fairly. We have licensed some of our trademarks to third parties for use with services or on products other than alcoholic beverages, which we 
believe enhances the awareness and protection of our brands. 
For details on risks related to the protection of our intellectual property, refer to "Item I A. Risk Factors." For details on our most important brands, refer 
to "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Fiscal 2016 Brand 
Highlights." 
Regulatory Environment 
Federal, state, local, and foreign authorities regulate the production, storage, transportation, distribution, and sale of our products. Some countries and 
local jurisdictions prohibit or restrict the marketing or sale of distilled spirits in who le or in part. 
6 


In the United States, at the federal level, the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury regulates the wine and 
spirits industry with respect to the production, blending, bottling, labeling, sales, advertising, and transportation of beverage alcohol. Similar regulatory 
regimes exist at the state level and in most of the non-U.S. jurisdictions where we sell our products. In addition, distilled spirits products are subject to 
customs duties or excise taxation in many countries, including in the United States, at the federal, state, and local level. 
Under U.S. federal regulations, bourbon and Tennessee whiskeys must be aged in new charred oak barrels for at least two years; we typically age our 
whiskeys three to six years. Federal regulations also require Canadian whisky to be manufactured in Canada in compliance with Canadian laws. Mexican 
authorities regulate the production and bottling of tequilas; they mandate minimum aging periods for extra a11ejo (three years), a11ejo (one year), and 
reposado (two months) tequilas. We comply with these regulations. 
Our operations are subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations, and our po !icy is to comply with them. 
Strategy 
Six years ago, we introduced our "Brown-Forman 150" long-term strakgy, focused on driving sustainable growth toward our 150th anniversary in 
2020. The B-F Arrow articulates our core principles: our purpose as well as the vision, values, and behaviors that we expect our employees to embrace and 
exhibit. 
PU It POSE 
ENRICHING LIFE 
WE ENRICH Tl![ EXPERIENCE OF LIFE [IY RESl'Ol\:~ll\LY l\U!LnlNG l\EVER/\(,E 
Al Cl)IJ()l. [\RAN lJS r HA r n IR IVE ;\NI) l·Nl)I JIH FOi{ (jf N FR:\Tl,)N~ 
lfiTEGRHY··· 
RESPECT 
TRUST 
• .' I 
• 1·1 • ! I ! 
: I 
: I I. 
~: 
• 
TE,IMWORK 
fXCHLHJCE 
While these core principles are a constant and powerful means of connecting our stakeholders to a shared vision of"Building Forever", we continue to 
refresh our strategies to reflect current realities. The strategic ambitions described below both demonstrate a sustained focus on several drivers of our recent 
growth, which we believe remain relevant, and acknowledge the new and changing opportunities of today. 
We seek to build brands and businesses that can create shareholder value - ones that deliver strong growth, solid margins, and high returns. In 
addition, given our growing size and scale, we focus on building brands that can be meaningful for our company over time. Our first priority is to grow our 
premium spirits portfolio organically. But as opportunities arise, we will pursue innovation and consider acquisitions and partnerships that meet our 
rigorous quantitative and qualitative criteria. 
The Jack Daniel's family of brands, including Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, is our most valuable asset. We will always work to keep Jack Daniel's 
Tennessee Whiskey strong, healthy, and relevant to consumers worldwide, and to take advantage of the abundant opportunities for growing the Jack 
Daniel's family of brands across markets, price points, channels, and consumer groups. As product innovation has become increasingly important to the 
brand in recent years, we will continue to evaluate opportunities to grow the Jack Daniel's family of brands through thoughtful new product introductions, 
such as our U.S. launch of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire and our recent introduction of Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Rye. 
We are the global leader in American whiskey, and we will continue to pursue growth in the broader global, premium whiskey category. We believe 
that we can leverage our whiskey-making knowledge, production assets, trademarks, and brand- building skills to accomplish this objective. We will focus 
first on the global growth of our most important whiskey, Jack Daniel's. In addition, we expect to generate excellent growth for our other whiskey brands 
around the world, particularly Woodford Reserve and Old Forester, which have both experienced rapid growth in recent years. 


We aim to grow Finlandia, el Jimador, and Herradura. We plan to focus primarily on growing Finlandia in Poland and Eastern Europe. We will work to 
expand the reach of Herradura tequila to new consumers, emphasizing Mexico, the United States, and other high-potential markets. We have taken steps to 
reposition el Jimador tequila as a more premium brand in Mexico, its largest market by volume. As a result, volumes have declined over the past couple of 
years in Mexico, though we expect the brand's overall performance to improve there over time. In the United States and select international markets, we 
continue to experience solid growth with el Jimador, and we believe in this brand's long-term potential. 
We recently announced the launch of Coopers' Craft, our first new bourbon trademark in more than 20 years, which we will begin selling in select 
United States markets in July 2016. We are in the development stage of our Slane Irish Whiskey brand, which we anticipate launching in the spring of2017. 
Lastly, on June I, 20 I 6, we acquired The BenRiach Distillery Company Limited. This purchase added three single malt Scotch whisky brands into our 
growing whiskey portfolio: The GlenDronach, BenRiach, and Glenglassaugh. We believe that super- and ultra-premium whiskeys are attractive long-term 
businesses for us, and we will continue to pursue global growth in these categories. 
In fiscal 2016, as part of our evolving portfolio strategy and our efforts to focus resources on our highest strategic priorities, we sold our Southern 
Comfort and Tuaca brands. This decision reflects our continuing efforts to reshape our portfolio by developing, divesting, and acquiring brands to create 
value and improve growth. 
The United States remains our largest market, and continuing to grow in this market is important to our long-term success. w~ ~xpect to foster this 
growth by emphasizing fast-growing spirits categories such as super-premium whiskies and tequila, continued product and packaging innovation, 
continued route-to-consumer proficiency, and brand building within growing consumer segments {with increasing emphasis on multicultural marketing). 
Over the last two decades, our business outside the United States has grown more quickly than our business within it. Although the past two years have 
been an exception to this trend, as our net sales in the United States grew faster than our international business, we expect the longer-term trend to resume. 
Our ability to achieve our long-term growth objectives requires further development of our business globally, especially in emerging markets. We expect to 
grow our business in developed markets such as France, Germany, Australia, and the United Kingdom, as well as in emerging markets such as Mexico, 
Poland, and Turkey. Over time, we expect increasingly significant contributions to our growth from other emerging markets such as Brazil, China, Russia, 
Southeast Asia, Africa, and Eastern Europe. We will continue to pursue RTC strategies that will expand our access to and understanding of consumers in 
these diverse markets. 
We believe that having a long-term-focused, committed, engaged shareholder base, including the Brown family, gives us an important strategic 
advantage, particularly in a business with aged products and multi-generational brands. 
Recognizing the strong cash-generating capacity and the capital efficiency of our business, we will continue to pursue what we believe to be well-
balanced capital deployment strategies aimed at perpetuating Brown-Forman 's strength and independence. 
Corporate Responsibility 
In pursuing the objectives described above, we will strive to be responsible in everything we do. Our history of responsibility began in I 870, when our 
founder, George Garvin Brown, first sold medicinal whiskey in glass bottles to ensure quality and safety- an innovative idea back when whiskey was usually 
sold by the barrel. Today, achieving our stated business purpose, to "enrich the experience of life," is possible only within a context of corporate 
responsibility. This means promoting responsible consumer enjoyment of our brands; working to reduce alcohol abuse and misuse; protecting the 
environment; providing a healthy, safe, and inclusive workplace; and contributing to the communities where we operate around the globe. 
Alcohol Responsibility. We promote responsible consumption of our products, as we believe this will enhance our relationships with consumers, 
business partners, stakeholders, and society at large. It is also essential for the long-term prosperity of our company and our industry. When abused or 
misused, alcohol can contribute to significant harm to both individuals and the community. We appreciate the need for governments to regulate our industry 
appropriately and effectively, taking into account national circumstances and local cultures. Acting in partnership with others, we want to be part of the 
solution to real, complex problems such as underage drinking, drunk driving, and overconsumption. 
As a significant player in the global beverage alcohol industry, we foster collective action with our peers. Working together with other producers, we are 
able to leverage our views on a scale that can create change. For example, we are working with 13 other industry leaders that signed the Beer, Wine, and 
Spirits Producers' Commitments to Reduce Harmful Drinking. The group made significant progress in 2015, resulting from the collaboration among all 
signatories and with stakeholders where we do business. By engaging non-governmental organizations, we reached more people across a broader geographic 
footprint with underage drinking programs. Drunk driving prevention pilot programs expanded to another four countries, with two more planned 
8 


for 20 I 6. With our retail business partners, we developed and launched responsible retailing principles that are increasing the number of retail programs 
focused on enforcing legal purchase age and responsible beverage service. Our collective progress on these commitments will be reported annually, and more 
information can be found at www.producerscommitments.org. 
Since 2009, we have hosted an open forum to share our point of view and encourage engagement ofothers at www.OurThinkingAboutDrinking.com. In 
the United States, we support The Ad Council's "Buzzed Driving is Drunk Driving" campaigns, designated-driver services such as BeMyDD, and the 
Responsible Retailing Forum, which brings together diverse stakeholders seeking to reduce underage sales, among other initiatives. In our consumer 
relationships, we seek to communicate through responsible advertising content and placement, relying on our comprehensive internal marketing code and 
adhering to industry marketing and advertising guidelines. As part of our commitment to responsible marketing, and to enable consumers to make more 
informed decisions, we will be adding nutritional information to our brand websites later this year. We also are founding members of, and contribute 
significant resources to, the Foundation for Advancing Alcohol Responsibility, an organization created by spirits producers to combat harmful use of 
alcohol. While this is a U.S. organization, we participate actively in similar organizations in other markets, such as Drink Wise in Australia, BSI in Germany, 
The Portman Group in the United Kingdom, and FISAC in Mexico. In the European Union, we helped form the Responsible Marketing Pact with seven other 
major beverage alcohol manufacturers to develop industry-led standards for responsible advertising and marketing. The standards focus on decreasing 
exposure of those under legal drinking age to alcohol-related advertisements. We also recognize that some individuals can't or shouldn't drink beverage 
alcohol and respect the choice of those who don't drink for whatever reason. To this end, we have an internal employee resource group (ERGs), SPIRIT, that 
supports an environment where all employees and guests feel welcome, regardless of whether they choose to drink. 
Environmental Sustainability. Our vision - Building Forever - is inherently linked to environmental sustainability. A key component of our 
environmental sustainability strategy is reducing our energy consumption and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. In fiscal 2014, we set new, more ambitious 
environmental sustainability goals, focused on reducing our absolute GHG emissions by 15% by 2023, sending zero waste to landfill, and reducing our water 
use and wastewater discharges per unit of product by 30% by 2023 (versus 2012 baseline year). These goals support our ambition to be a sustainability leader 
within our industry, and extend programs beyond our operational borders into the supply chain. We report on our progress toward these goals in our biennial 
Corporate Responsibility Reports, available online. In 2016, Newsweek magazine named Brown-Forman the third "greenest" U.S. beverage company, and 
number 52 among the 500 largest publicly traded companies in the United States. Rankings are based on eight measures of corporate sustainability and 
environmental performance. In addition, we have been identified as a global leader for our actions and strategies in response to climate change and have been 
awarded a position on The Climate "A" List by CDP, an international not-for-profit organization that produces the list at the request of 822 investors who 
represent more than a thif!i of the world's invested capital. 
Diversity. Inclusion, and Human Rights. We believe that having a diverse and inclusive "workforce is central to our success. As we work to increase our 
brands' relevance and appeal to diverse consumer groups, we need a diversity of experiences and outlooks within our own workforce. We also want 
employees to feel comfortable in contributing their whole selves and different perspectives to their work. Over the past year, we've made progress with 
diverse representation at the senior level. Three women and one Aliican American serve on our Board of Directors. Four members of our 15-member 
Executive Leadership Team are women and two are minorities. In 2016, we once again earned a perfect score of 100% in the Corporate Equality Index by the 
Human Rights Campaign, a civil rights organization promoting equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender Americans. This makes us one of the 
"Best Places to Work for LGBT equality" 1 in the United States for the sixth consecutive year. Our ER Gs have been the core of our diversity culture by 
supporting employees' growth while enhancing their contributions. Our eight ERGs foster a diverse and inclusive environment that drives our high-
commitment, high-performance organization and encourages employees to bring their individuality to work. 
In the marketplace, we focus on promoting fair and ethical business practices. We remain committed to the guidelines set forth in our Global Human 
Rights Statement, defining our commitment to respecting the fundamental rights of all human beings. We share our human rights policies and practices with 
our suppliers through our Suppliers Guiding Principles on Human Rights. Our work in this area will help inform our response to the U.K.'s recent passage of 
the Modem Slavery Act. 
'Human Rights Campaign 2016 Corporate Equity Index at www.hrc.org/rcsources/best-placcs-to-work-2016. 
Community Involvement. Our approach to philanthropy reflects our values as a corporate citizen. Our civic engagement supports non-profit 
organizations that improve the lives of individuals and the vitality of our communities. We believe, as a responsible and caring corporate citizen, it is vital 
that we give back to the communities that support both our employees and our business. Through our contributions, we work to create communities that 
ensure basic living standards, support healthy and sustainable living, and enhance intellectual and cultural living. While we focus on our hometown of 
Louisville, Kentucky, our civic engagement activities extend to the communities around the globe where our employees live, work, and raise their families. 
9 


In fiscal 2016, we donated more than $10.8 million in cash, logged approximately 16,000 volunteer hours, and had over 132 employees serve on boards of 
directors of 192 non-profit organizations. 
Our Corporate Responsibility reports are available at www.brown-forman.com/responsibility. 
Employees and Executive Officers 
As of April 30, 20 I 6, we employed approximately 4,600 people, including about 200 employed on a part-time or temporary basis. We employ about 
2,800 people in the United States, approximately 17% represented by a union. We believe our employee relations are good. 
The following persons serve as executive officers as of June 15, 2016: 
Name 
Paul C. Varga 
Jane C. Morreau 
Matthew E. Hamel 
Jill Ackerman Jones 
Mark I. McCallum 
Lawson E. Whiting 
Alejandro "Alex" Alvarez 
Ralph De Chabert 
Brian P. Fitzgerald 
Kirsten M. Hawley 
Thomas Hinrichs 
Lisa P. Steiner 
Available Information 
Age 
52 
57 
56 
50 
61 
47 
48 
69 
43 
46 
54 
56 
Principal Occupation and Business Experience 
Company Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 2007. ChiefExecutive Officer since 2005. 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2014. Senior Vice President, Chief Production Officer, and 
Head of Infnnnation Technology from 2013 to 2014. Senior Vice President and Director of Financial Management, 
Accounting and Technology from 2008 to 2013. 
Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary since 2007. 
Executive Vice President and President for North America, CCSA, IMEA, and Global Travel Retail since February 
2015. Executive Vice President and President for North America and Latin America Regions from 2013 to 2015. 
Executive Vice President and Chief Production Officer from 2007 to 2012. 
Executive Vice President and President of Jack Daniel's Brands since February 20 I 5. Executive Vice President and 
President for Europe, Africa, Middle East, Asia Pacific, and Travel Retail from 2013 to 2015. Executive Vice President 
and Chief Operating Officer from 2009 to 2013. Executive Vice President and Chief Brands Officer from 2006 to 2009. 
Executive Vice President and Chief Brands and Strategy Officer since February 2015. Senior Vice President and Chief 
Brands Officer from 2013 to 2015. Senior Vice President and Managing Director for Western Europe from 2011 to 
2013. Vice President and Finance Director for Western Europe from 2010 to 2011. Vice President and Finance Director 
for North America from 2009 to 2010. 
Senior Vice President and Chief Production Officer since 2014. Vice President and General Manager for Brown-Forman 
Tequila Mexico Operations from 2008 to 2014. 
Senior Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer since 2007. 
Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since 2013. Vice President and Finance Director for Greater 
Europe and Africa from 2009 to 2013. 
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since February 2015. Senior Vice President and Director of 
HR Business Partnerships from 2013 to 2015. Vice President and Director of Organization and Leader Development 
20 I I to 2013. Assistant Vice President and DirectorofEmployee Engagement from 2009 to 2011. 
Senior Vice President and President for Europe, North Asia, and ANZSEA since February 2015. Senior Vice President 
and Managing Director for Europe from 2013 to 2015. Senior Vice President and Managing Director for Greater 
Europe and Africa from 2006 to 2013. 
Senior Vice President, Chief of Staff, and Director of Global Corporate Communications and Services since February 
2015. Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer from 2009 to 2015. Senior Vice President and Director 
of Global Human Resources from 2007 to 2009. 
You can read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC in its Public Reference Room at I 00 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information 
on the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy 
and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
Our website address is www.brown-forman.com. Our annual reports on Form I 0-K., quarterly reports on Form I 0-Q, current reports on Form 8-K., and any 
amendments to these reports are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those reports with the 
SEC. The information provided on our website is not part of this report, and is therefore not incorporated by reference, unless that information is otherwise 
specifically referenced elsewhere in this report. 
10 


On our website, we have posted our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of Conduct that applies to all directors and employees, and our Code 
of Ethics that applies specifically to our senior financial officers. lfwe amend or waive any of the provisions of our Code of Conduct or our Code of Ethics 
applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, or controller that relates to any element of the definition 
of"code of ethics" enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1934 Act, we intend to disclose these actions on our website. We 
have also posted on our website our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Corporate 
Governance and Nominating Committee, and Executive Committee ofour Board of Directors. Copies of these materials are also available free of charge by 
writing to our Secretary, Matthew E. Hamel, 850 Dixie Highway, Louisville, Kentucky 40210 or emailing him at Secretary@b-f.com. 
Item lA. Risk Factors 
We believe the following discussion identifies the most significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. If any of the 
following risks were actually to occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
Additional risks not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, could also materially and adversely affect our business, results of 
operations, cash flows, or financial condition. 
Unfavorable economic conditions could 11egatively affect our operntio11s and results. 
Unfavorable global or regional economic conditions, including uncertainty caused by unstable geopolitical environments in many parts of the world, 
such as Russia, Brazil, and Turkey, could adversely affect our business and financial results. While the major economic disruptions of the 2008-2009 
financial crisis have largely subsided, many markets where our products are sold still face significant economic challenges resulting from the ensuing global 
economic downturn that followed, including low consumer confidence, high unemployment, budget deficits, burdensome governmental debt, austerity 
measures, increased taxes, and weak financial, credit, and housing markets. Unfavorable economic conditions such as these can cause governments to 
increase taxes on beverage alcohol to attempt to raise revenue or reduce consumers' willingness to make discretionary purchases of beverage alcohol 
products or pay for premium brands such as ours. In unfavorable economic conditions, consumers may make more value-driven and price-sensitive 
purchasing choices and drink more at home rather than at restaurants, bars, and hotels, which tend to favor many of our premium and super-premium products. 
Unfavorable economic conditions could also adversely affect our suppliers, distributors, and retailers, who in tum could experience cash flow problems, 
more costly or unavailable financing, credit defaults, and other financial hardships. This could lead to distributor or retailer destocking, increase our bad debt 
expense, or cause us to increase the levels of unsecured credit that we provide to customers. Other potential negative consequences to our business from poor 
economic conditions include higher interest rates, an increase in the rate of inflation, deflation, exchange rate fluctuations, credit or capital market 
instability, or lower returns on pension assets or lower discount rates for pension obligations (possibly requiring higher contributions to our pension plans). 
For details on the effects of changes in the value of our benefit plan obligations and assets on our financial results, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
Our global business is subject to commercial, political, and financial risks, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
Our products are sold in approximately 160 countries; accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally, including 
commercial, political, and financial risks. In the long term, we continue to expect our growth rates in non-U.S. markets to surpass our growth rates in the 
United States. Emerging regions, such as eastern Europe, Latin America, Asia, and Africa, as well as more developed markets, such as the United Kingdom, 
France, Germany, and Australia, provide growth opportunities for us. If shipments of our products - particularly Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey - to our 
global markets were to experience significant disruption due to these risks or for other reasons, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
In addition, we are subject to potential business disruption caused by military conflicts; potentially unstable governments or legal systems; civil or 
political upheaval or unrest; local labor policies and conditions; possible expropriation, nationalization, or confiscation of assets; problems with repatriation 
of foreign earnings; economic or trade sanctions; closure of markets to imports; anti-American sentiment; terrorism or other types of violence in or outside the 
United States; health pandemics; and a significant reduction in global travel. For example, Europe is a key commercial and production region for some of our 
products, and further outbreaks of violence there could disrupt our operations. In addition, our ability to sell into Russia depends on our products being 
imported, and any economic or trade sanctions could materially adversely affect our operations there. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to 
overcome the challenges we encounter with respect to these risks and other factors affecting U.S. companies with global operations. 
JI 


The more we expand our business globally, the more exchange rate fluctuations relative to the U.S. dollar influence our financial results. In many 
markets outside the United States, we sell our products and pay for some goods, services, and labor primarily in local currency. Because our foreign currency 
revenues for each foreign currency exceed the corresponding foreign currency expense, we have a net exposure to changes in the value of the U.S. dollar 
relative to each of those currencies. Over time, our reported financial results generally will be hurt by a stronger U.S. dollar and improved by a weaker one. 
For instance, profits from our overseas businesses for fiscal 2016 were adversely affected by the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar against currencies in 
our major markets, including the euro, Russian ruble, and Australian dollar. We do not attempt to hedge all ofour foreign currency risk. We may, from time to 
time, attempt to hedge foreign currency risk, but, even in those cases, we may not be successful in limiting foreign currency risk through the use of foreign 
currency derivatives or other means. For details on how foreign exchange affects our business, see "Item 7 A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about 
Market Risk- Foreign Exchange." 
National and local governments may adopt regulations or undertake investigations that could limit our business activities or increase our costs. 
Our business is subject to extensive regulatory requirements regarding production, exportation, importation, marketing and promotion, labeling, 
distribution, pricing, and trade practices, among others. Changes in laws, regulatory measures, or governmental policies, or in the manner in which current 
ones are interpreted, could cause us to incur material additional costs or liabilities, and jeopardize the growth of our business in the affected market. For 
instance, in fiscal 2016, we experienced disruption ofour business in Indonesia due to recent changes in industry regulation and import duties. Specifically, 
governments may prohibit, or impose or increase limitations on, advertising and promotional activities, or times or locations where beverage alcohol may be 
sold or consumed, or adopt other measures that could limit our opportunities to reach consumers or sell our products. In Europe, for example, regulators in a 
number of countries have adopted or are considering severe limitations on the marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. Certain countries historically have 
banned all television, newspaper, magazine, and internet advertising for beverage alcohol products. Increases in regulation of this nature could substantially 
reduce consumer awareness for our products in the affected markets. 
Some countries where we do business have a higher risk of colTUption than others. While we are committed to doing business in accordance with 
applicable anti-co111Jption and other laws, our Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, and other Company policies, we remain subject 
to the risk that an employee will violate our policies, or that any of our many affiliates or agents, such as importers, wholesalers, distributors, or other business 
partners, may take action determined to be in violation of international trade, money laundering, anti-corruption, or other laws, including the U.S. Foreign 
ColTUpt Practices Act of 1977, the U.K. Bribery Act 20 I 0, or equivalent local laws. Any determination that our operations or activities are not, or were not, in 
compliance with U.S. or foreign laws or regulations could result in investigations, intelTUption of business, loss of business partner relationships, suspension 
or termination of licenses and permits (our own or those of our partners), imposition of fines, legal or equitable sanctions, negative publicity, and 
management distraction. Further, our compliance with applicable anti-corruption or other laws, our Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial 
Officers, and our other policies could result in higher operating costs. 
Additional regulation in the United States and other countries addressing climate change, use of water, and other environmental issues could increase 
our operating costs. Increasing regulation of fuel emissions could increase the cost of energy, including fuel, required to operate our facilities or transport and 
distribute our products, thereby substantially increasing the production, distribution, and supply chain costs associated with our products. 
Tax increases and changes in tax rules could adversely affect our financial results. 
Our business is sensitive to changes in both direct and indirect taxes. As a multinational company based in the United States, we are more exposed to 
the impact of U.S. tax changes than most of our major competitors, especially those that affect the effective corporate income tax rate. Certain tax changes 
that have been or are currently proposed by the U.S. Congress or the President exemplify this risk, including repealing LIFO (last-in, first-out accounting 
treatment of inventory) for tax purposes, decreasing or eliminating the ability of U.S.-based companies to receive a tax credit for foreign taxes paid or to 
obtain a current U.S. tax deduction for certain expenses in the United States related to foreign earnings, changing the U.S. tax treatment of income related to 
foreign intangibles, decreasing or eliminating the U.S. manufacturing deduction, or changing the rules relating to the depreciation of capital expenditures or 
the deduction ofadvertising expenses. 
Our business operations are also subject to numerous duties or taxes that are not based on income, sometimes referred to as "indirect taxes," which 
include excise taxes, sales or value-added taxes, property taxes, and payroll taxes. Increases in or the imposition of new indirect taxes on our operations or 
products would increase the cost of our products or, to the extent levied directly on consumers, make our products less affordable, which could negatively 
affect our financial results by reducing purchases of our products and encouraging consumers to switch to lower-priced or lower-taxed product categories. For 
example, certain jurisdictions, such as Brazil, have increased and may continue to increase excise taxes on beverage alcohol products, which could 
12 


increase the cost of our products to consumers and could reduce consumer demand in those jurisdictions. Our global business can also be negatively affected 
by import and export duties, tariff barriers, and related local governmental protectionist measures, and the suddenness and unpredictability with which these 
can occur. As governmental entities look for increased sources of revenue, it is possible that they may increase taxes on beverage alcohol products. New tax 
rules, accounting standards, or pronouncements, and changes in interpretation of existing ones, could also have a significant adverse effect on our business 
and financial results. This includes potential changes in tax rules or the interpretation of tax rules arising out of the Base Erosion & Profit Shifting project 
initiated by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. 
O11r b11siness performance is s11bstantially dependent 11pon the co11ti1111ed health of the Jack Daniel's family of brands. 
The Jack Daniel's family of brands is the primary driver of our revenue and growth. Jack Daniel's is an iconic global trademark with a loyal consumer 
fan base, and we invest much effort and many resources to protect and preserve the brand's reputation for quality, craftsmanship, and authenticity. A brand's 
reputation al value is based in large part on consumer perceptions, and even an isolated incident that causes harm - particularly one resulting in widespread 
negative publicity - could adversely influence these perceptions and erode consumer trust and confidence in the brand. Significant damage to the brand 
equity of Jack Daniel's would adversely affect our business. Given the importance of Jack Daniel's to our overall success, a significant or sustained decline in 
volume or selling price of our Jack Daniel's products would have a negative effect on our growth and our stock price. Additionally, should we not be 
successful in our effons to maintain or increase the relevance of the Jack Daniel's brand in the minds of current and future consumers, our business and 
operating results could suffer. For details on the importance of the Jack Daniel's family of brands to our business, see "Item 7. Management's Discussion ancl 
Analysis offinancial Condition and Results of Operations- Results of Operations - Fiscal 2016 Brand Highlights." 
Cha11ges in consumer preferences and purchases, and our ability to anticipate or react to them, could 11egatively affect our business res11lts. 
We are a branded consumer products company in a highly competitive market, and our success depends on our continued ability to offer consumers 
appealing, high-quality products. Consumer preferences and purchases may shift due to a host of factors, many of which are difficult to predict, including 
changes in economic conditions, demographic and social trends, public health policies and initiatives, changes in government regulation of beverage 
alcohol products, the potential legalization of marijuana use on a more widespread basis within the United States or elsewhere, and changes in travel, leisure, 
dining, gifting, entertaining, and beverage consumption trends. Consumers also may begin to prefer the products of competitors or may generally reduce their 
demand for brands produced by larger companies. For example, smaller local distilleries are experiencing accelerated growth as a result of shifting consumer 
preferences toward locally-produced, regionally-sourced products. In addition, we could experience unfavorable business results if we fail to attract 
consumers from diverse backgrounds and ethnicities in the United States and in our other non-U.S. markets. Forecasts in the United States for several years 
after 2016 indicate a slight decrease in the population segment aged 21 to 24; fewer potential consumers in this age bracket could have a negative effect on 
industry growth rates and our business. To continue to succeed, we must anticipate or react effectively to shifts in demographics, consumer behavior, 
consumer preferences, drinking tastes, and drinking occasions. 
Our plans call for the continued growth of the Jack Daniel's family of brands. In particular, we plan to continue to grow Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey 
sales globally and to launch Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire in select international markets in fiscal 2017. If these plans are unsuccessful, or ifwe otherwise fail 
to develop or implement effective business, portfolio, and brand strategies, our growth, stock price, or financial results could suffer. More broadly, if 
consumers shift away from spirits (particularly brown spirits such as American whiskey and bourbon), our premium-priced brands, or our RTD products, our 
financial results could be adversely affected. 
We believe that new products, line extensions, label and bottle changes, product reformulations, and similar product innovations by both our 
competitors and us will compete increasingly for consumer drinking occasions. Product innovation is a significant element of our growth strategy; however, 
there can be no assurance that we will continue to develop and implement successful line extensions, packaging, formulation or flavor changes, or new 
products. Unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations could result in inventory write-offs and other costs, reduction in 
profits from one year to the next, and also could damage consumers' perception of the brand family. Our inability to attract consumers to our product 
innovations relative to our competitors' products - especially over time - could negatively affect our growth, business, and financial results. 
Production facility disruption could adversely affect 011r b11siness. 
Some of our largest brands, including Jack Daniel's and Finlandia Vodka, are distilled at single locations. A catastrophic event causing physical 
damage, disruption, or failure at one of our major distillation or bottling facilities could adversely affect our business. Further, because whiskeys and some 
tequilas are aged for various periods, we maintain a substantial inventory of aged and maturing products in warehouses at a number of different sites. The loss 
of a substantial amount ofaged inventory -
13 


through fire, other natural or man-made disaster, contamination, or otherwise - could significantly reduce the supply of the affected product or products. A 
consequence of any of these or other supply or supply chain disruptions could result in our inability to meet consumer demand for the affected products for a 
period of time. In addition, insurance proceeds may be insufficient to cover the replacement value of our inventory of maturing products and other assets if 
they were to be lost. Disaster recovery plans may not prevent business disruption, and reconstruction of any damaged facilities could require a significant 
amount of time. 
The inherent uncertainty in supply/demand forecasting could adversely affect our business, particularly with respect to our aged products. 
There is an inherent risk of forecasting imprecision in determining the quantity of aged and maturing products to produce and hold in inventory in a 
given year for future sale. The forecasting strategies we use to balance product supply with fluctuations in consumer demand may not be effective for 
particular years or products. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in using various levers, such as price, to create the desired balance of available 
supply and consumer demand for particular years or products. As a consequence, we may be unable to meet consumer demand for the affected products for a 
period of time. Furthermore, not having our products in the market on a consistent basis may adversely affect our brand equity and future sales. 
Higher costs or unavailability of materials could adversely affect our financial results, as could our inability to obtain certain finished goods. 
Our products use materials and ingredients that we purchase from suppliers. Our ability to make and sell our products depends upon the availability of 
the raw materials, product ingredients, finished products, wood, glass, bottles, cans, bottle closures, packaging, and other materials used to produce and 
package them. Without sufficient quantities of one or more key materials, our business and financial results could suffer. For instance, only a few glass 
producers make bottles on a scale sufficient for our requirements, and a single producer supplies most of our glass requirements. In addition, if we 
experienced a disruption in the supply of American oak logs to produce the new charred oak barrels in which we age our whiskeys, our production 
capabilities would be compromised. If any of our key suppliers were no longer able to meet our timing, quality, or capacity requirements, ceased doing 
business with us, or significantly raised prices, and we could not promptly develop alternative cost-effective sources of supply or production, our operations 
and financial results could suffer. 
Higher costs or insufficient availability of suitable grain, agave, water, grapes, wood, glass, closures, and other input materials, or higher associated 
labor costs or insufficient availability oflabor, may adversely affect our financial results, because we may not be able to pass along such cost increases or the 
cost of such shortages through higher prices to customers without reducing demand or sales. Similarly, when energy costs rise, our transportation, freight, and 
other operating costs, such as distilling and bottling expenses, also may increase. Our financial results may be adversely affected if we are not able to pass 
along energy cost increases through higher prices to our customers without reducing demand or sales. 
Weather, the effects of climate change, diseases, and other agricultural uncertainties that affect the mortality, health, yield, quality, or price of the 
various raw materials used in our products also present risks for our business, including in some cases potential impairment in the recorded value of our 
inventory. Changes in weather patterns or intensity can disrupt our supply chain as well, which may affect production operations, insurance costs and 
coverage, as well as the timely delivery ofour products. 
Water is one of the major components of our products, so the quality and quantity of available water is important to our ability to operate our business. 
If droughts become more common or severe, or if our water supply were interrupted for other reasons, high-quality water could become scarce in some key 
production regions for our products, including Tennessee, Kentucky, California, Finland, Canada, and Mexico. 
If the social acceptability of our products declines, or governments adopt policies disadvantageous to beverage alcohol, our business could be 
adversely affected. 
Our ability to market and sell our products depends heavily on societal attitudes toward drinking and governmental policies that both flow from and 
affect those attitudes. In recent years, increased social and political attention has been directed at the beverage alcohol industry. For example, there remains 
continued attention focused largely on public health concerns related to alcohol abuse, including drunk driving, underage drinking, and the negative health 
impacts of the abuse and misuse of beverage alcohol. While most people who drink enjoy alcoholic beverages in moderation, it is commonly known and well 
reported that excessive levels or inappropriate patterns of drinking can lead to increased risk of a range of health conditions and, for certain people, can result 
in alcohol dependence. Some academics, public health officials, and critics of the alcohol industry in the United States, Europe, and other countries continue 
to seek governmental measures to make beverage alcohol more expensive, less available, or more difficult to advertise and promote. If future research 
indicated more widespread serious health risks associated with alcohol consumption - particularly with moderate consumption - or if for any reason the 
social acceptability of beverage alcohol were to decline significantly, sales ofourproducts could decrease. 
14 


Significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our products could inhibit sales of affected products. 
Various jurisdictions have adopted or may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the 
availability of our products relating to the content or perceived adverse health consequences of some of our products. Several such labeling regulations or 
laws require warnings on any product with substances that the state lists as potentially causing cancer or birth defects. Our products already raise health and 
safety concerns for some regulators, and heightened requirements could be imposed. If additional or more severe requirements of this type become applicable 
to one or more of our major products under current or future health, environmental, or other laws or regulations, they could inhibit sales of such products. 
We face substantial competition in our industry, including many new entrants into spirits as well as from consolidation among beverage alcohol 
producers, wholesalers, or retailers, or changes to our route-to-consumer model, could hinder the marketing, sale, or distribution of our products. 
We use different business models to market and distribute our products in different countries around the world. In the United States, we sell our products 
either to distributors for resale to retail outlets or, in those states that control alcohol sales, to state governments who then sell them to retail customers and 
consumers. In our non-U.S. markets, we use a variety of route-to-consumer models - including, in many markets, reliance on others to market and sell our 
products. Consolidation among spirits producers, distributors, wholesalers, suppliers, or retailers could create a more challenging competitive landscape for 
our products. Consolidation at any level could hinder the distribution and sale of our products as a result of reduced attention and resources allocated to our 
brands both during and after transition periods, because our brands might represent a smaller portion of the new business portfolio. Expansion into new 
product categories by other suppliers, or innovation by new entrants into the market, could increase competition in our product categories. 
For example, we are experiencing increased competition for some of our products from new entrants in the small-batch or craft spirits category. Changes 
to our route-to-consumer models or partners in important markets could result in temporary or longer-term sales disruption, could result in higher costs, and 
could negatively affect other business relationships we might have with that partner. Disruption of our distribution network or fluctuations in our product 
inventory levels at distributors, wholesalers, or retailers could negatively affect our results for a particular period. Further, while we believe we have sufficient 
scale to succeed relative to our major competitors, we nevertheless face a risk that continuing consolidation of large beverage alcohol companies could put 
us at a competitive disadvantage. 
Our competitors may respond to industry and economic conditions more rapidly or effectively than we do. Other suppliers, as well as wholesalers and 
retailers of our brands, offer products that compete directly with ours for shelf space, promotional displays, and consumer purchases. Pricing (including price 
promotions, discounting, couponing, and free goods), marketing, new product introductions, entry into our distribution networks, and other competitive 
behavior by other suppliers, and by wholesalers and retailers, could adversely affect our sales, margins, and profitability. While we seek to take advantage of 
the efficiencies and opportunities that large retail customers can offer, they often seek lower pricing and purchase volume flexibility, offer competing own-
label products, and represent a large number of other competing products. lf the buying power of these large retail customers continues to increase, it could 
negatively affect our financial results. 
We might not succeed in our strategies for acquisitions and dispositions. 
From time to time, we acquire or invest in additional brands or businesses. We expect to continue to seek acquisition and investment opportunities that 
we believe will increase long-term shareholder value, but we may not be able to find and purchase brands or businesses at acceptable prices and terms. 
Acquisitions involve risks and uncertainties, including potential difficulties integrating acquired brands and personnel; the possible loss of key customers or 
employees most knowledgeable about the acquired business; implementing and maintaining consistent U.S. public company standards, controls, procedures, 
policies, and information systems; exposure to unknown liabilities; business disruption; and management distraction. Acquisitions, investments, or joint 
ventures could also lead us to incur additional debt and related interest expenses, issue additional shares, become exposed to contingent liabilities, and lead 
to dilution in our earnings per share and reduction in our return on average invested capital. We could incur future restructuring charges or record impairment 
losses on the value of goodwill or other intangible assets resulting from previous acquisitions, which may also negatively affect our financial results. 
We also evaluate from time to time the potential disposition of assets or businesses that may no longer meet our growth, return, or strategic objectives. 
In selling assets or businesses, we may not get prices or terms as favorable as we anticipated. We could also encounter difficulty in finding buyers on 
acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay our accomplishment of strategic objectives. Expected cost savings from reduced overhead relating to 
the sold assets may not materialize, and the overhead reductions could temporarily disrupt our other business operations. Any of these outcomes could 
negatively affect our financial performance. 
15 


Product counterfeiting or inadequate protection of our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business prospects. 
Our brand names. trademarks, and related intellectual property rights are critical assets, and our business depends on our protecting them in the 
countries where we do business. We may be unsuccessful in protecting our intellectual property rights in a given market or in challenging those who infringe 
our rights or imitate or counterfeit our products. Although we believe that our intellectual property rights are legally protected in the markets in which we do 
business, the ability to register and enforce intellectual property rights varies from country to country. In some developing countries, for example, it may be 
more difficult to use legal process to stop counterfeiting. We may not be able to register our trademarks in every country where we want to sell a particular 
product, and we may not obtain favorable decisions by courts or trademark offices. 
Many global spirits brands, including our brands, experience problems with product counterfeiting and other forms of trademark infringement. We work 
cooperatively with other spirits industry companies through our membership in the International Federation of Spirits Producers (IFSP) to combat spirits 
counterfeiting. While we believe JFSP is an effective organization, it is not active in every market, and its efforts are subject to cooperation with local 
authorities and courts in the markets where it is active. Despite our and IFSP's efforts, confusingly similar, lower-quality, or even counterfeit products harmful 
to consumers could reach the market and adversely affect our intellectual property rights, brand equity, corporate reputation, and financial results. In 
addition, the industry as a whole could suffernegative effects related to the manufacture, sale, and consumption of illegally produced beverage alcohol. 
Product recalls or other prod11ct liability claims could materially and adversely affect our safes. 
The success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of those brands. We could decide to, or be required to, recall products 
due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, product tampering, spoilage, or other quality issues. Any of these events could adversely affect our 
sales. Actual contamination, whether deliberate or accidental, could lead to inferior product quality and even illness, injury, or death to consumers, potential 
liability claims, and material loss. Should a product recall become necessary, or we voluntarily recall a product in the event of contamination, damage, or 
other quality issue, sales of the affected product or our broader portfolio of brands could be adversely affected. A significant product liability judgment or 
widespread product recall may negatively impact the sales and profitability of the affected brand or brands. Even ifa product liability claim is unsuccessful 
or is not fully pursued, resulting negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our corporate and brand 
image. 
Litigation and legal disputes could expose our business to financial and rep11tational risk. 
Major private or governmental litigation challenging the production, marketing, promotion, distribution, or sale of beverage alcohol or specific brands 
could affect our ability to sell products. Because litigation and other legal proceedings can be costly to defend, even actions that are ultimately decided in 
our favor could have a negative impact on our business reputation or financial results. Lawsuits have been brought against beverage alcohol companies 
alleging problems related to alcohol abuse, negative health consequences from drinking, problems from alleged marketing or sales practices, or underage 
drinking. While these lawsuits have been largely unsuccessful in the past, others may succeed in the future. We could also experience employment-related 
class actions, environmental claims, commercial disputes, product liability actions stemming from a beverage or container production defect, a whistleblower 
suit, or other major litigation that could adversely affect our business results, particularly if there is negative publicity or to the extent the losses or expenses 
were not covered by insurance. 
Governmental actions around the world to enforce trade practice, anti-money-laundering, anti-conuption, competition, tax, environmental, and other 
laws are also a continuing compliance risk for global companies such as ours. In addition, as a U.S. public company, we are exposed to the risk of securities-
related class action suits, particularly following a precipitous drop in the share price of our stock. Adverse developments in major lawsuits concerning these 
or other matters could result in management distraction and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
A failure or co"11ption of one or more of our key information technology systems, networks, processes, associated sites, or service providers could 
have a material adverse impact on our b11siness. 
We rely on information technology (IT) systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools, 
hardware (including laptops and mobile devices), software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, or used 
by third parties or their vendors, to help us manage our business. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include, but are not limited to: 
hosting our internal network and communication systems; ordering and managing materials from suppliers; supply/demand planning; production; shipping 
product to customers; hosting our branded websites and marketing products to consumers; collecting and storing customer, consumer, employee, investor, 
and other data; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting results ofoperations; hosting, processing, and sharing 
16 


_ confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial infonnation; complying with regulatory, legal, or tax requirements; providing data 
security; and handling other processes necessary to manage our business. 
Increased IT security threats and more sophisticated cyber crime pose a potential risk to the security and availability of our IT systems, networks, and 
services, including those that are managed, hosted, provided, or used by third parties, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. If 
the IT systems, networks, or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or other sensitive 
infonnation, due to any number of causes, ranging from catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches, and our business continuity plans do not 
effectively and timely address these failures, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and reputational, competitive, or business harm, 
which may adversely affect our business operations or financial condition. In addition, such events could result in unauthorized disclosure of material 
confidential infonnation, and we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential infonnation belonging to us or 
to our partners, our employees, customers, suppliers, or consumers. In any of these events, we could also be required to spend significant financial and other 
resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and IT systems, which, in any case, could require a significant 
amount of time. 
-- ---__ Negative P!_'.!!!!E_ly ~ect our stock price and business performance. 
Unfavorable publicity, whether accurate or not, related- to'""ourlndiistryorto us or our brands,-marketing, personnel, operations, business perfonnance, or 
prospects could negatively affect our corporate reputation, stock price, ability to attract high-quality talent, or the perfonnanc_e_ of ·our business. Adverse 
publicity or negative commentary on social media outlets, particularly any that goes "viral," could cause consumers to react by avoiding our brands or 
choosing brands offered by our competitors, which could materially negatively affect our financial results. 
Our failure to attract or retain key executive or employee talent could adversely affect our business. 
Our success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management team, other key employees, and a high-quality employee base, as well as 
our ability to attract, motivate, reward, and retain them. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or other employee talent, or the unexpected loss of 
experienced employees, could have an adverse impact on our business performance. 
The Brown family has the ability to co11trol the outcome of matters submitted for stockholder approval. 
We are considered a "controlled company" under New York Stock Exchange rules. Controlled companies are exempt from New York Stock Exchange 
listing standards that require a board composed of a majority of independent directors, a fully independent nominating/corporate governance committee, and 
a fully independent compensation committee. We avail ourselves of the exemptions from having a board composed of a majority of independent directors 
and a fully independent nominating/corporate governance committee. Notwithstanding the available exemption, our Compensation Committee is composed 
exclusively of independent directors. As a result of our use of some "controlled company" exemptions, our corporate governance practices differ from those 
of non-controlled companies, which are subject to all of the New York Stock Exchange corporate governance requirements. 
A substantial majority ofour voting stock is controlled by members of the Brown family, and collectively, they have the ability to control the outcome 
of stockholder votes, including the election of all of our directors and the approval or rejection of any merger, change of control, or other significant 
corporate transaction. We believe that having a long-term-focused, committed, and engaged shareholder base provides us with an important strategic 
advantage, particularly in a business with aged products and multi-generational brands. This advantage could be eroded or lost, however, should Brown 
family members cease, collectively, to be controlling stockholders of the Company. We desire to remain independent and family-controlled, and we believe 
the Brown family stockholders share these interests. However, the Brown family's interests may not always be aligned with other stockholders' interests. By 
exercising their control, the Brown family could cause the Company to take actions that are at odds with the investment goals of institutional, short-term, 
non-voting, or other non-controlling investors, or that have a negative effect on our stock price. 
Item 1B. U11resolved Staff Comments 
None. 
17 


Item 2. Properties 
Company-owned production facilities include distilleries, a winery, a concentrate plant, bottling plants, warehousing operations, sawmills, and 
cooperages. We also have agreements with other parties for contract production in Australia, Belgium, Brazil, China, Estonia, Finland, Ireland, Mexico, the 
Netherlands, South Aftica, and the United States. 
In addition to Company-owned corporate offices in Louisville, Kentucky, we lease office space for use in our sales, marketing, and administrative 
operations in the United States and in over 40 other cities around the globe. The lease terms expire at various dates and are generally renewable. Our most 
significant office locations outside Louisville are: 
United States: Irvine, California; Irving, Texas; Atlanta, Georgia; Baltimore, Maryland; and Washington, D.C. 
!ntematio11a/: Guadalajara, Mexico; Hamburg, Germany; Sydney, Australia; London, United Kingdom; Warsaw, Poland; Paris, France; Mexico City, 
Mexico; Prague, Czech Republic; Sao Paulo, Brazil; Istanbul, Turkey; Amsterdam, Netherlands; Moscow, Russia; Shanghai, China; Hong Kong; 
and Gurgaon, India. 
Location 
United States: 
Louisville, Kentucky 
Lynchburg, Tennessee 
Woodford County, Kentucky 
Windsor, California 
Decatur, Alabama 
Clifton, Tennessee 
Stevenson, Alabama 
Spencer, Indiana 
Jackson, Ohio 
International: 
Collingwood, Canada 
Cour-Chevemy, France 
Arnatitan, Mexico 
Slane, Ireland 
Principal Activities 
Significant Properties 
Notes 
Corporate offices 
Distilling, bottling, warehousing 
Cooperage 
Distilling, bottling, warehousing 
Visitors' center 
Distilling, bottling, warehousing 
Visitors' center 
Winery, bottling, warehousing 
Visitors' center 
Cooperage 
Stave and heading mill 
Stave and heading mill 
Stave and heading mill 
~lave and heading mill 
Distilling, warehousing 
Distilling, bottling, warehousing 
Distilling, bottling, warehousing 
Visitors' center 
Distilling, visitors' center 
Includes several renovated historic structures 
Brown-Forman Cooperage 
Home of Jack Daniel's 
Home of Woodford Reserve 
Home of Sonoma-Cutrer 
Jack Daniel Cooperage 
Acquired in first quarter fiscal 2016 
Land is leased from a third party 
Home of Canadian Mist 
Home ofChambord 
Home of our tequilas and New Mix RTDs 
Future home of Slane Irish Whiskey 
We believe that our facilities are in good condition and are adequate for our business. 
Item 3. legal Proceedings 
We operate in a litigious environment and we are sued in the normal course of business. We do not anticipate that any currently pending suits will 
have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our financial position, results ofoperations, or liquidity. 
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
Not applicable. 
18 


PART II 
Item S. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
Our Class A and Class B common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols "BFA" and "BFB." respectively. As of May 31, 
2016, there were 2,736 holders of record of Class A common stock and 5,154 holders ofrecord of Class B common stock. Because ofoverlapping ownership 
between classes, as of May 31, 2016, we had only 5,719 distinct common stockholders of record. 
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices per share for our Class A and Class B common stock, as reported 
on the New York Stock Exchange composite tape, and dividend per share information: 
Fiscal 2015 
Fiscal 2016 
First 
Second 
Third 
Fourth 
First 
Second 
Third 
Fourth 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Year 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Year 
Market price per share: 
Class A high 
$ 
95.29 
$ 
93.09 
$ 
98.00 
95.23 
$ 
98.UU 
$ 
119.49 
$ 
122.30 
$ 
117.53 
$ 
112.24 
$ 
122.30 
Class A low 
85.98 
81.38 
85.33 
86.85 
81.38 
93.09 
105.87 
99.50 
100.40 
93.09 
ClassB high 
97.15 
93.62 
97.97 
93.99 
97.97 
108.41 
110.81 
106.88 
103.39 
110.81 
ClassB low 
86.48 
81.89 
85.43 
86.71 
81.89 
90.65 
95.21 
90.60 
93.25 
90.60 
Cash dividends per share: 
Declared 
0.580 
0.630 
1.210 
0.630 
0.680 
1.310 
Paid 
0.290 
0.290 
0.315 
0.315 
1.210 
0.315 
0.315 
0.340 
0.340 
1.310 
Note: Quarterly amounts may not add to amounts for the year due to rounding. 
Equity Compensation Plan Information 
The following table summarizes information as of April 30,2016, about our equity compensation plans under which we have made grants of stock 
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, market value units, performance units. or other equity awards. 
Plan Category 
Equity compensation plans approved by Class A 
common stockholders 
Number of Securities to Be 
Issued Upon Exercise of 
Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights• 
1,532.196 
Weighted-Average Exercise 
Price of Outstanding 
Options, Warrants and 
Rights' 
$56.83 
Number of Securities 
Remaining Available for 
Future Issuance Under 
Equity Compensation Plans 
6.803,869 
'Includes 1.411,701 Class B common shares to be issued upon exercise of stock-settled stock appreciation rights (SSARs); 67.426 Class B common restricted stock units (RS Us); 
31.676 Class A common deferred stock units (DSUs); and 21.393 Class B common DSUs issued under the Brown-Forman 2004 or 2013 Omnibus Compensation Plans. Docs 
not include issued shares of performance-based restricted stock. SSARs arc exercisable for an amount of our common stock with a value equal to the increase in the fair market 
value of the common stock from the date the SSARs were granted. The fair market value of our common stock at fiscal year-end has been used for the purposes of reporting the 
number of shares to be issued upon exercise of the 3,426,162 SSARs outstanding at fiscal year-end. 
2RSUs and DSUs have no exercise price because their value depends on continued employment or service over time, and arc to be settled for shares of Class B common stock. 
Accordingly, these have been disregarded for purposes of computing the weighted-average exercise price. 
19 


Stock Performance Graph 
The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of our Class B common stock for the last five years with the Standard & Poor's 500 
Stock Index, the Dow Jones U.S. Consumer Goods Index, and the Dow Jones U.S. Food & Beverage Index. The information presented assumes an initial 
investment of$ I 00 on April 30, 20 I I, and that all dividends were reinvested. The cumulative returns shown represent the value that these investments would 
have had on April 30 in the years since 2011. 
Fin~-\'ear Cumulath·e Total Shartltoh.ler Return 
,\ssumes Initial lnvtsfment or S1110 
(as or April 30, 2016: di,·itlrmls reinn~sted) 
~I -----,------,.-----....------...------.-------,,---
~012 
Share Repurchases 
The following table provides information about shares of our common stock that we acquired during the quarter ended April 30, 2016: 
Total Number of Shares 
Approximate Dollar Value 
Total Number of 
Purchased as Part of 
of Shares that May Yet Be 
Shares 
Average Price 
Publicly Announced Plans 
Purchased under the Plans 
Period 
Purchased 
Paid per Share 
or Programs 
or Programs 
February I, 20 I 6 - February 29, 2016 
1,133,637 
$96.03 
1,133,637 $ 
1,124,800,000 
March 1,2016-March31,2016 
1,282,310 
$97.38 
1,282,310 $ 
1,000,000,000 
April I, 2016 -April 30, 2016 
1,165,013 
$95.70 
1,165,013 $ 
888,500,000 
Total 
3,580,960 
$96.4 I 
3,580,960 
As we announced on October 15, 2014, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to $250 million of our outstanding Class A and Class B 
common shares from October 15, 2014, through October 14, 2015, subject to market and other conditions. As we announced on March 25, 2015, the Board 
approved a$ I billion increase to the share repurchase authorization and extended it through March 24, 2016, subject to market and other conditions. As we 
announced on January 28, 20 I 6, the Board approved a new $1 billion share repurchase authorization, commencing April I, 20 I 6, through March 31, 201 7, 
subject to market and other conditions. The shares presented in the table above were acquired under these Board authorizations. 
20 


Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
This selected financial data should be read in conjunction with "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations" and our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
Year Ended Andi 30 
l.!!.!l2 
lill 
1!!l!2 
lJUQ 
ill1 
1l!.U 
1W 
1ill 
1J!..I..S. 
llli 
Continuing Operations: 
Net sales 
$ 
2,806 
3,282 
3,192 
3,226 
3,404 
3,614 
3,784 
3,946 
4,096 
4,01 I 
Gross profit 
$ 
1,481 
1,695 
1,577 
1,611 
1,724 
1,795 
1,955 
2,078 
2,183 
2,144 
Operating income 
$ 
602 
685 
661 
710 
855 
788 
898 
971 
1,027 
1,533 
Net income 
$ 
400 
440 
435 
449 
572 
513 
591 
659 
684 
1,067 
Weiehtcd average shares used to calculate 
earnings per share 
-Basic 
230.4 
229.6 
225.7 
221.8 
218.4 
214.5 
2ll.4 
213.5 
211.6 
203.0 
-Diluted 
232.8 
231.6 
227.1 
222.9 
219.8 
216.1 
215.0 
215.1 
213.l 
204.3 
Earnings per share from continuing operations 
- Basic 
$ 
1.74 
1.91 
1.92 
2.02 
2.61 
2.39 
2.77 
3.08 
3.23 
5.26 
-Diluted 
$ 
1.72 
1.89 
1.91 
2.01 
2.60 
2.37 
2.75 
3.06 
3.21 
5.22 
Gross margin 
52.8% 
51.6% 
49.4% 
50.0% 
50.7% 
49.7% 
51.7% 
52.7% 
53.3% 
53.4% 
Operating margin 
21.5% 
20.9% 
20.7% 
22.0% 
25.1% 
21.8% 
23.7% 
24.6% 
25.1% 
38.2% 
Effective tax rate 
31.7% 
31.7% 
31.1% 
34.1% 
31.0% 
32.5% 
31.7% 
30.5% 
31.7% 
28.3% 
Average invested capital 
$ 
2,431 
2,747 
2,893 
2,825 
2,711 
2,803 
2,834 
3,131 
3,196 
3,221 
Return on average invested capital 
17.4% 
17.2% 
15.9% 
16.6% 
21.8% 
19.1% 
21.7% 
21.6% 
22.0% 
34.1% 
Total Company: 
Cash dividends declared per common share 
$ 
0.62 
0.69 
0.75 
0.78 
1.49 
0.89 
4.98 
1.09 
1.21 
1.3 I 
Total asse!s at April 30 
$ 
3,551 
3,405 
3,475 
3,383 
3,712 
3,477 
3,626 
4,103 
4,188 
4,183 
Long-term debt at April 30 
s 
422 
417 
509 
508 
504 
503 
997 
997 
743 
1,230 
Total debt at April 30 
$ 
1,177 
1,006 
999 
699 
759 
510 
1,002 
1,005 
1,183 
1,501 
Cash flow from operations 
$ 
355 
534 
491 
545 
527 
516 
537 
649 
608 
524 
Dividend payout ratio 
36.8% 
35.8% 
38.9% 
38.7% 
57.0% 
37.4% 
179.8% 
35.3% 
37.5% 
25.0% 
Notes: 
1. 
Includes the consolidated results of Chambord and Casa Herradura since their acquisitions in May 2006 and January 2007, respectively. Includes the results of our Hopland-
based wine brands, which were sold in April 20 I 1 but retained in our portfolio as agency brands through December 2011. Includes the results of Southern Comfort and Tuaca, 
both of which were sold on March I, 2016. 
2. 
Weighted average shares, earnings per share, and cash dividends declared per common share have been adjusted for a 5-for-4 stock split in October 2008 and a 3-for-2 stock 
split in August 2012. 
3. 
Sec •·1tcm 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation - Non•GAAP Financial Measures" for details on our use of "return on 
average invested capital," including how we calculate this measure and why we think this information is useful to readers. 
4. 
Cash dividends declared per common share include special cash dividends of $0.67 per share in fiscal 201 I and S4.00 per share in fiscal 2013. 
5. 
We define dividend payout ratio as cash dividends divided by net income. 
6. 
Results for fiscal 2016 include a gain of $485 million on the sale of Soulhern Comfort and Tuaca. Sec "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operation - Executive Summary- Fiscal 2016 Financial Highlights" for additional information about the impact of that sale on our operating results for fiscal 
2016. 
21 


Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is intended to help the reader 
understand Brown-Forman, our operations, our financial results, and our current business environment. MD&A is provided as a supplement to - and should 
be read in conjunction with - our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data." 
Volume and Depletions 
When discussing volume, unless otherwise specified, we refer to "depletions," a term commonly used in the beverage alcohol industry. Depending on 
the context, "depletions" means either (a) our shipments directly to retailers or wholesalers, or (b) shipments from our distributor customers to retailers and 
wholesalers. We generally record revenues when we ship our products to our customers, so our reported sales for a period do not necessarily reflect actual 
consumer purchases during that period. We believe that our depletions measure volume in a way that more closely reflects consumer demand than our 
shipments to distributor customers do. 
Volume is discussed on a nine-liter equivalent unit basis (nine-liter cases) unless otherwise specified. At times, we use a "drinks-equivalent" measure for 
volume when comparing single-serve ready-to-drink (RTD) or ready-to-pour (RTP) brands to a parent spirits brand. "Drinks-equivalent" depletions are RTD 
and RTP nine-liter cases converted to nine-liter cases of a parent brand on the basis of the number of drinks in one nine-liter case of the parent brand. To 
convert RTD volumes from a nine-liter case basis to a drinks-equivalent nine-liter case basis, RTD nine-liter case volumes are divided by I 0, while RTP nine-
liter case volumes are divided by 5. 
Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
We use certain financial measures in this report that are not measures of financial performance under GAAP. These non-GAAP measures, which are 
defined below, should be viewed as supplements to (not substitutes for) our results of operations and other measures reported under GAAP. The non-GAAP 
measures we use in this report may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. 
We present changes in certain income statement line-items that are adjusted to an "underlying" basis, which we believe assists in understanding both 
our performance from period to period on a consistent basis, and the trends of our business. Non-GAAP "underlying" measures include changes in (a) 
underlying net sales, {b) underlying cost of sales, (c) underlying excise taxes, (d) underlying gross profit, (e) underlying advertising expenses, (f) underlying 
selling, general, and administrative (SG&A) expenses, and (g) underlying operating income. To calculate these measures, we adjust, as applicable, for {a) 
foreign currency exchange, (b) estimated net changes in distributor inventories, and (c) the impact of acquisition and divestiture activity. We explain these 
adjustments below. 
"Foreign exchange." We calculate the percentage change in our income statement line items in accordance with GAAP and adjust to exclude the 
cost or benefit of currency fluctuations. Adjusting for foreign exchange allows us to understand our business on a constant-do liar basis, as 
fluctuations in exchange rates can distort the underlying trend both positively and negatively. (In this report, "dollar'' always means the U.S. dollar 
unless stated otherwise.) To eliminate the effect of foreign exchange fluctuations when comparing across periods, we translate current year results at 
prior-year rates. 
"Estimated net change in distributor inventories." This measure refers to the estimated net effect of changes in distributor inventories on changes in 
our measures. For each period compared, we estimate the effect of distributor inventory changes on our results using depletion information provided 
by our distributors. We believe that this adjustment reduces the effect of varying levels of distributor inventories on changes in our measures and 
allows us to understand better our underlying results and trends. 
"Sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca." On January 14, 2016, we reached an agreement to sell our Southern Comfort and Tuaca brands and related 
assets to Sazerac Company, Inc. The transaction closed March!, 2016, for $543 million in cash (subject to a post-closing inventory adjustment), 
which resulted in a one-time gain of $485 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. This adjustment removes (a) the gain on sale, (b) those 
transaction-related costs not included in the gain on sale, and {c) operating activity for the non-comparable period, March and April in fiscal 2015 
and 2016. We believe that these adjustments allow us to understand better our underlying results on a comparable basis. 
Management uses "underlying" measures of performance to assist it in comparing and measuring our performance from period to period on a consistent 
basis, and in comparing our performance to that of our competitors. We also use underlying measures in connection with management incentive 
compensation calculations. Management also uses underlying measures in its planning and forecasting and in communications with the board of directors, 
stockholders, analysts, and investors concerning our financial performance. We have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures adjusted to an 
"underlying" basis to their 
22 


nearest GAAP measures in the tables below under "Results of Operations - Year-Over-Year Comparisons" and have consistently applied the adjustments 
within our reconciliations in arriving at each non-GAAP measure. 
We also use the following additional non-GAAP financial measures in "Item 6. Selected Financial Data" and "Item 7. Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations- Executive Summary": 
"Return on average invested capital." This measure refers to the sum of net income and after-tax interest expense, divided by average invested 
capital. Average invested capital equals assets less liabilities, excluding interest-bearing debt, and is calculated using the average of the most recent 
13 month-end balances. After-tax interest expense equals interest expense multiplied by one minus our effective tax rate. We consider return on 
average invested capital to be a meaningful indicator of how effectively and efficiently we use capital invested in our business. 
"Adjusted" measures for (a) operating income, (b) operating margin, (c) effective tax rate, (d) diluted earnings per share, and (e) return on average 
invested capital. We provide these adjusted measures to identify the effect of the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca on reported income from 
operations and other key measures derived therefrom; this effect is expected not be part of our sustainable resu Its or trends. These measures remove 
the effects of(a) the gain on sale, (b) those transaction-related costs not included in the gain on sale, and (c) operating activity related to the brands 
for the period subs1:411cnt to their divestiture (March and April in fiscal 2016). Tax effects on items (c), (d), and (e) are calculated consistent with the 
nature of the underlying transaction. 
23 


Our MD&A includes the following sections: 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
RESULTS OF OPERA TIOJ\:S 
LIOll!DlTY A:--111CAPITAL RESOURCES 
LONG-TERM OBI JGATIONS 
CRITICAL ACCQ!JNJING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
Overview 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
fm 
.M 
1!l 
40 
:.U. 
il 
Over the past several years, including fiscal 2016, we have made progress toward realizing the ambitions of our long-term strategy, which was first set 
forth in fiscal 20 IO and has evolved along with our business since then. See "Item I. Business - Strategy" for details. Here is a discussion of recent 
developments: 
We have further developed the Jack Daniel's family of brands through innovations designed to create new demand for products from the world's 
foremost maker of American whiskey. These efforts resulted in the successful launch of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey (JDTH), Jack Daniel's 
Tennessee Fire (JDTF), and a series of ultra-premium-priced line extensions including Jack Daniel's Sinatra Select, Jack Daniel's No. 27 Gold 
Tennessee Whiskey, and several additions to the Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Collection. At the same time, we have invested steadily in our core Jack 
Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey (JDTW) brand to support its growth around the world. 
We are partway through a multi year production capacity expansion project for Jack Daniel's. In fiscal 2014, we completed construction of the Jack 
Daniel Cooperage in Decatur, Alabama. We announced a major expansion of our distilling capacity in August 2013, and we completed construction 
of a new distillery on our property in Lynchburg, Tennessee during the first quarter of fiscal 2016. The next stage o four expansion in Lynchburg 
will add bottling capacity and finished product warehousing, to be completed in the next few years. 
The continued growth of the Jack Daniel's family of brands is the most important measure of our progress toward becoming a global leader in 
whiskey. Woodford Reserve's growth has also helped us move forward on this ambition, as this super-premium brand grew volume at a compound 
annual rate of approximately 25% from fiscal 201 I to fiscal 2016- more than doubling its annual volume to approximately 500,000 nine-liter cases 
by the end of fiscal 20 I 6. In June 20 I 3, we announced a more than $35 million expansion at our Woodford Reserve Distillery to support our 
expected growth. During fiscal 2014, we completed a renovation ofour visitors' center at the Woodford Reserve Distillery, as visitors have increased 
over 20% since fiscal 2014 to almost 125,000 visitors in fiscal 2016. During fiscal 2016, we completed the construction of two new warehouses, and 
we entered into the second phase of a bottling expansion. In fiscal 2017, we expect to complete two new warehouses. 
Brown-Forman was founded in 1870 with Old Forester, the world's first bottled bourbon brand. Old Forester is attracting a new generation of fans, as 
it has grown net sales by approximately 20% annually since fiscal 201 I, including growth of nearly 50% in fiscal 2016. We plan to leverage the 
current momentum of Old Forester and the favorable trends in American whiskey to reestablish Old Forester as an iconic bourbon brand. To support 
our ambition, we announced the construction of the Old Forester Distillery and visitors' center in fiscal 2014, and in May 2015 purchased two 
historic buildings on Main Street in Louisville for its location. We began construction of the Old Forester Distillery in February 2016, and we expect 
to open late in 2017. We anticipate investing approximately $50 million in this project. 
Over the past five years, we have divested certain businesses to enable better alignment of our resources with our long-term strategy. We divested our 
Hopland-based wine brands in 201 I, leaving us with a portfolio primarily focused on spirits. Since then, we have pursued growth of our spirits 
portfolio mostly by organic means, with innovation playing a key role (see discussion below). In March 2016, we sold Southern Comfort and Tuaca 
to dedicate additional resources to opportunities with greater long-term growth prospects. See "Financial Highlights" below, "Item 7. 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -
Results of Operations," and Note 15 to the 
accompanying financial statements for details about the financial impact of the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca. 
In addition to our successful efforts to develop and introduce new products and line extensions for the Jack Daniel's family of brands, we have 
pursued growth through innovation in the rest of our portfolio. Notable introductions have included Woodford Reserve Double Oaked (fiscal 2012) 
and Herradura Ultra (fiscal 2015). In April 2016, we announced plans to release our first new bourbon trademark in 20 years, Coopers' Craft, in the 
summerof2016 (fiscal 2017). 
24 


In June 2015 (fiscal 2016), we purchased all of the shares of Slane Castle Irish Whiskey Limited and announced plans to invest approximately $40 
million to build a new distillery, construct warehouses, and develop a consumer experience on the historic Slane Castle Estate (in County Meath, 
about 30 miles north of Dublin). We plan to open the Slane Castle Whiskey Distillery and to introduce new Irish whiskeys in the spring of 2017, 
using high-quality whiskey purchased from other Irish distilleries and finished to Slane's specifications while the whiskey made at the new Slane 
Distillery matures. 
In June 20 I 6 (fiscal 2017), we purchased The BenRiach Distillery Company Limited and, with it, three single malt Scotch whisky brands and 
distilleries - The GlenDronach, BenRiach, and Glenglassaugh. This purchase included other trademarks, a bottling plant, and The BenRiach 
Distillery Company Limited's headquarters in Edinburgh, Scotland. We believe that these super-premium brands will provide us an immediate 
opportunity to participate in the growing single malt Scotch category and strengthen our portfolio's long-term growth prospects in markets such as 
the United States, the United Kingdom, Taiwan, Germany, and in travel retail. We plan to build three new warehouses in fiscal 2017 to support the 
growth of these brands. 
Our focus on the importance of the ba"e/ in crafting whiskeys of the highest quality is perhaps unique in the industry. We believe we are the largest 
maker of new whiskey barrels in the world and, within the global spirits industry, only we own manufacturing facilities for new whiskey barrels. Our 
control over this critical input to the whiskey-making process gives us a competitive advantage - one that applies both to Jack Daniel's and to our 
other aged spirits, including bourbons and tequilas today and - over time - Irish and Scotch whiskeys. For example, our barrel-making expertise 
enables us to introduce unique characteristics into our products, as we did with our successful recent innovation, Woodford Reserve Double Oaked. 
In addition, newly-introduced Coopers' Craft bourbon was created to celebrate our more than 70 years of expertise raising barrels at the Brown-
Forman Cooperage. While we expect it to benefit from a generally favorable craft spirits trend, we also believe that linking its identity to our 
distinctive barrel-making expertise will benefit Coopers'. As we progress toward becoming a global leader in whiskey, we will continue to take 
advantage of this source of differentiation for our existing portfolio and across the range of new opportunities. 
Over the past several decades, we have pursued international growth both in larger, developed markets and in the emerging world. In recent years, 
our most visible progress has been the evolution of our RTC strategy in several key markets. We set up new distribution companies in three of our 
current top ten countries (Germany, France, and Turkey) and also in Brazil, a market that we believe is among our most promising long-term growth 
opportunities. In fiscal 2017, we plan to establish a new distribution company in Spain, which we expect to begin operating in fiscal 2018. We have 
added substantially to our employee base outside the United States, mostly in markets where we evolved our RTC strategy. 
Our capital deployment initiatives have been focus~d on (I) enabling the expected future growth ofour existing businesses through investments in 
our production capacity, innovation, and brand-building efforts for our existing portfolio; and (2) returning cash to our shareholders. From fiscal 
20 IO through 2016, we returned over $4.6 billion to our shareholders through $1.5 billion in regular quarterly dividends, $1.0 billion in two special 
dividends, and $2.1 billion in share repurchases. 
25 


Summary and Timing of Recent Developments 
Fiscal 
year 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
201S 
2016 
PORTFOLIO 
Introduced Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey 
inQ4 
Sold Hopland-based wine brands and 
properties 
Introduced Woodford Reserve Double 
Oaked 
Introduced Jack Daniel's Winter Jack 
Introduced Jack Daniel's Sinatra Select 
Introduced Jack Daniel's Tennessee Rye 
Whiskey 
Introduced Jack Daniel's No. 27 Gold 
Tennessee Whiskey 
Introduced Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire 
(limited test) 
Introduced Herradura Ultra in Mexico in 
Q2 
Introduced Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire 
nationwide in the United States in Q4 
Introduced Woodford Reserve Rye 
Whiskey 
Purchased Slane Castle Irish Whiskey 
Limited in QI 
Sold Southern Comfort and Tuaca in Q4 
2017 
Announced Coopers' Craft bourbon to be 
released in QI 
Purchased The BenRiach Distillery 
Company Limited in QI 
ROUTE-TO-CONSUMER 
Started distribution operations in Germany 
Started distribution operations in Brazil 
Started distribution operations in Turkey 
Started distribution operations in France 
26 
PRODUCTION 
Announced plans for the Jack Daniel 
Cooperage 
Opened the Stevenson Mill 
Announced capacity expansion at the 
Woodford Reserve Distillery 
Announced capacity expansion at the Jack 
Daniel Distillery 
Opened the Jack Daniel Cooperage 
Announced plans for the Old Forester 
Distillery and bourbon experience 
Completed new barrel warehouses at Jack 
Daniel's and Woodford Reserve 
Announced plans to construct a new 
distillery at Slane Castle in Ireland 
Opened the Spencer Mill 


Fiscal 2016 Financial Higl,lights 
Summary of Operating Performance Fiscal 2014-2016 
Reported Change 
Underlying Change• 
meal :i:~c m!!£!1 a11ril l!! 
2014 
201S 
2016 
201S vs. 2014 
2016 vs. 201S 
201S vs. 2014 
2016 vs. 201S 
Net sales 
$ 
3,946 
$ 
4,096 
$ 
4,01 I 
4% 
(2)% 
6% 
5% 
Excise taxes 
955 
962 
922 
1% 
(4)% 
5% 
6% 
Cost of sales 
913 
951 
945 
4% 
(1)% 
7% 
3% 
Gross profit 
2,078 
2,183 
2,144 
5% 
(2)% 
7% 
5% 
Advertising 
436 
437 
417 
-% 
(4)% 
4% 
2% 
SG&A 
686 
697 
688 
2% 
(1)% 
4% 
2% 
Op~rating income 
$ 
971 
$ 
1,027 
$ 
1,533 
~-
49% 
9% 
8% 
Gross margin 
52.7% 
53.3% 
53.4% 
0.6pp 
0.lpp 
Operating margin 
24.6% 
25.1% 
38.2% 
0.5pp 
13.lpp 
Interest expense, net 
$ 
24 
$ 
25 
$ 
44 
6% 
70% 
Effective tax rate 
30.5% 
31.7% 
28.3% 
J.2pp 
(3.4)pp 
Diluted earnings per share 
$ 
3.06 
$ 
3.21 
$ 
5.22 
5% 
63 % 
Return on average invested capita/1 
21.6% 
22.0% 
34.1% 
0.4pp 
12.lpp 
1See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for details on our use of"underlying changes," including how we calculate these measures and why we think this information 
is useful to readers. 
2See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for details on our use of "return on average invested capital," including how we calculate this measure and why we think this 
information is useful to readers. 
On March I, 2016, we sold our Southern Comfort and Tuaca brands and related assets to Sazerac Company, Inc. for $543 million in cash (subject to a 
post-<:losing inventory adjustment). The following table shows the impact of the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca on our operating results. 
Sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca 
Sale of Southern 
Comfort and 
Fiscal :i:ear ended Al!ril JO 2!ll!i 
Reported 
Tuaca 1 
Adjusted 
Operating income 
$ 
1,533 
$ 
486 
$ 
1,047 
Operating margin 
38.2% 
12.0% 
26.2% 
Effective tax rate 
28.3% 
(I./)% 
29.4% 
Diluted earnings per share 
$ 
5.22 
$ 
1.76 
$ 
3.46 
Return on average invested capita/2 
34.1% 
II.I% 
23.0% 
1See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for details on the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca The $486 million adjustment above includes the sum of: (a) the $485 
million gain on the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca, (b) those transaction-related costs not included in the gain on sale, and (c) operating activity related to the brands for 
the period subsequent to their divestiture (March and April in fiscal 2016). 
2Sce "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for details on our use of"retum on average invested capital," including how we calculate this measure and why we think this 
information is useful to readers. 
In fiscal 2016, we delivered net sales of$4.0 billion, a decrease of2% compared to fiscal 2015, but an increase of 5% on an underlying basis; operating 
income of$ l .5 billion, an increase of 49% compared to fiscal 2015, or 8% on an underlying basis; 
27 


and, diluted earnings per share of$5.22, or $3.46 after removing the $1.76 impact of the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca. We improved our operating 
margin in fiscal 2016, as we added 1.1 percentage points from our continuing business and 12.0 percentage points attributed to the sale of Southern Comfort 
and Tuaca. Our operating results were driven largely by the gain on the sale ofour Southern Comfort and Tuaca businesses, as well as the continued growth 
of our American whiskey portfolio, led by the Jack Daniel's family of brands. From a geographic perspective, the United States and our developed 
international markets led the growth, while emerging markets grew more slowly compared to fiscal 2015, and our business in the travel retail channel 
declined. Foreign exchange negatively affected our reported operating results as the U.S. dollar strengthened compared to most foreign currencies. 
In fiscal 2016, our return on average invested capital improved to 34.1% driven by the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca. Excluding the effect of the 
sale ofSouthem Comfort and Tuaca, adjusted return on average invested capital increased to 23.0%, despite capital spending of$108 million and increased 
working capital related to our maturing whiskey inventory. Also during fiscal 2016, we returned $1 .4 billion in cash to our shareholders through dividend 
payments of$266 million and share repurchases of$ I .I billion while maintaining investment-grade credit ratings. 
Outlook 
Looking ahead to fiscal 2017, we are optimistic about our prospects for net sales and operating income growth, and we expect to make further progress 
toward our strategic ambitions. We descrihe below the trends, developments, and uncertainties that we expect to affect our business. 
Favorable global whiskey trends. The markets for American, Irish, and single malt Scotch whiskey are growing foster than total distilled spirits 
globally, and premium whiskey is among the best-performing components of the broader whiskey category. 1 We face strong competition, and the 
size of the opportunity is bringing new entrants to the market. Even so, we believe that our whiskey brands are poised to benefit from this trend, 
including JDTW, Gentleman Jack, Woodford Reserve, Old Forester, Slane, and our newly acquired Scotch whisky brands (The GlenDronach, 
BenRiach, and Glenglassaugh). Furthermore, we believe that we are well positioned to access emerging growth opportunities driven by consumer 
trends affecting these categories, including increased interest in luxury, craft, and small-batch whiskeys. We should benefit from these trends with 
our existing portfolio of American whiskeys, Slane, and the newly acquired single malt Scotch whiskeys. In addition, we expect that Coopers' Craft, 
our new bourbon to be introduced in the summer of 2016, will further allow us to benefit from favorable premium whiskey trends. 
Growing competitive intensity of flavored whiskeys. Flavored whiskey continues to be the fastest-growing component of the whiskey category 1, and 
we have participated fully in this market opportunity through our successful introductions of both JDTH and JOTF. Competition in the flavored 
whiskey category has intensified recently as industry participants seek to capitalize on the trend through sequential new product introductions. Our 
strategy has been to limit our flavored whiskey portfolio while investing to build IDTH and JDTF as sustainable growth brands in the United States 
and to expand both brands internationally. We believe that our strategy will allow us to benefit from this trend in a manner compatible with the 
long-term value of the Jack Daniel's brand, but we may forgo growth opportunities in the nearer term. Because we essentially concluded the global 
rollout of IDTH in fiscal 2015, its growth slowed in fiscal 2016; however, we expect it will continue to be an important contributor to our growth in 
fiscal 20 I 7. We launched JDTF in the United States in fiscal 20 I 5 and then tested it in a few international markets in fiscal 20 I 6. We will continue 
to roll out JDTF globally in fiscal 2017, and we expect it to continue to be an important contributor to our growth. 
Challenging pricing environment. During fiscal years 2013 and 2014, and to a lesser extent in fiscal 2015 and 2016, our operating results have 
benefited from price increases for several of our brands, including, most importantly, IDTW. Looking ahead, we anticipate volume will be the more 
significant driver of growth compared to the last few years. We have not raised prices generally in international markets in response to the 
strengthened U.S. dollar, but we have recently increased prices in higher-inflation economies including Russia, Turkey, Brazil, and certain other 
markets. In many emerging markets, and for many of our travel retail customers around the world, we price our products in dollars. As foreign 
currencies generally weakened in fiscal 20 I 5 and 20 I 6, we believe that lower purchasing power in dollar terms of emerging-market consumers has 
dampened demand for our products; we do not expect improvement in fiscal 2017. In fiscal 20 I 7, we expect lower prices for our used barrels as a 
result of weaker demand from blended Scotch industry buyers. 
1 The IWSR, 2015 data 
28 


Uncertain increase in costs of sales. We expect that freight, logistics, and raw materials costs will generally increase in the low single digits during 
fiscal 2017. Our cost of sales are somewhat sensitive to variation in prices of certain commodities, including prices of com, natural gas, oil, and 
wood used in our barrels, among others. In addition, we have been investing in our production capacity over the last four years at more than twice 
the rate of historical capital expenditure investment, which will also contribute to rising costs as we depreciate these investments. 
Wood barrels are an essential input to our whiskeys. We believe that manufacturing our own barrels ensures both high quality and consistent, timely 
availability for our whiskey distilleries. In addition to our cooperages, where we assemble finished barrels, we manufacture wood staves and 
headings at four mills. Higher demand and lower supply in the market for wood inputs (American white oak logs and barrel components, such as 
wood staves and headings), have resulted in higher prices from time to time. While many factors drive demand, among these is the recent, sustained 
rise in the popularity of American whiskey. While American white oak is not in short supply, we believe that market forces have led to higher prices 
of wood inputs, which we expect will lead to higher costs for our barreled whiskey. 
Uncertain impact of excise taxes and government regulations restricting trade in spirits and wine. From time to time, governments increase excise 
taxes or duties on spirits and introduce other regulatory measures that either restrict our ability to sell and market our brands or raise the cost of our 
doing so. For example, Brazil increased excise taxes in December 2015, and we expect that the increase will weaken our results there due to the 
higher costs of our products to consu,ners combined with current local economic trends. In fiscal 2016, our business was also disrupted by regulatory 
measures in certain countries, most notably Indonesia. In fiscal 2017, we are aware of several enacted (or proposed and likely-to-be-enacted) excise 
tax increases. Whenever practicable, we increase our prices to the extent of those tax increases. We do not believe that any one known or expected 
excise tax increase will have a significant negative effect on our results, nor do we expect that they collectively will. But because excise tax 
increases can lead to inflation in consumer prices, the cumulative effect over time in a given market could soften demand for our products. 
Emerging-market 11ncertainty. During fiscal 20 I 6, we grew underlying net sales in emerging markets, led by the Jack Daniel's family of brands. 
While our competition reported a general slowdown or declines in emerging markets, we grew, but our rate of growth slowed. In fiscal 2016, we 
experienced challenges in Russia and Southeast Asia, and looking ahead to fiscal 20 I 7, we are cautious about our growth outlook in emerging 
markets given the geopolitical uncertainty in Brazil, Turkey, and Russia. These three countries have contributed to our growth from emerging 
markets in recent years. Looking beyond the current challenges, we believe that emerging markets will be important to our sustained, long-term 
growth potential, and we remain committed to developing our business there. 
Foreign c11rrency headwinds anticipated to continue. The more we expand our business globally, the more exchange rate fluctuations relative to the 
U.S. dollar influence our financial results. We sell more in local currencies than we purchase - for example, Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey can be 
distilled only in Tennessee. Accordingly, we have a net negative exposure to a strengthening U.S. dollar relative to other currencies. Additionally, 
the U.S. dollar is the functional currency for most of our consolidated operations. Our reported results were significantly affected in fiscal 2016 by 
negative foreign exchange due to the strength of the U.S. dollar, and we anticipate our fiscal 2017 results will be negatively affected as well. See 
"Item 7 A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" for more information about foreign exchange and our business. 
We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities and to address the challenges related to the trends and uncertainties noted 
above. However, we may not succeed in taking full advantage of these opportunities, and any of these challenges could have a material adverse effect on our 
business. 
See "Item IA. Risk Factors" for details about risks and uncertainties that could affect our business or results. 
29 


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - FISCAL 2016 MARKET HIGHLIGHTS 
The following table shows net sales results for our ten largest markets, summarized by geographic area, for fiscal 2016, compared to fiscal 20 I 5. We 
discuss the most significant changes in net sales for each geography. 
Top 10 Markets - Percentage of Fiscal 2016 Total Net Sales and Fiscal 2016 Net Sales Growth by Geographic Area 
Net Sales1 % Change vs. 2015 
Sale of 
Net Chg in 
% of Fiscal 
Southern 
Est. 
2016 Net 
Comfort and 
Foreign 
Distributor 
~ 
Sales 
Reported 
Tuaca 
Exchange 
Inventories 
Underly Ing 
United States 
46% 
3% 
1% 
-% 
1% 
6% 
Europe 
31¾ 
(2)¾ 
-% 
10¾ 
(3)% 
6¾ 
United Kingdom 
10% 
5% 
1% 
3% 
-% 
9% 
Germany 
5% 
(1)% 
-% 
7% 
-% 
7% 
Poland 
3% 
(12)% 
-% 
13% 
-% 
1% 
France 
3% 
6% 
-% 
8% 
-% 
13% 
Turkey 
2% 
(2)% 
-% 
19% 
-% 
17% 
Russia 
1% 
(26)% 
-% 
43% 
(33)% 
(17)% 
Rest of Europe 
7% 
(5)% 
-% 
11% 
(4)% 
2% 
Australia 
9% 
(12)% 
-% 
14% 
-% 
2% 
Other 
14% 
(10)¾ 
-% 
12% 
2% 
3% 
Mexico 
5% 
(11)% 
-% 
18% 
-% 
6% 
Canada 
1% 
(1)% 
-% 
12% 
(4)% 
7% 
Rest of Other 
8% 
(11)% 
-% 
8% 
3% 
-% 
Total 
100¾ 
(2)% 
1% 
6% 
-% 
5% 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
1Scc "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for details on our use of ''underlying change" in net sales, including how we calculate this measure and why we think this 
information is useful to readers. 
The United States, our largest and most important market, accounted for46% of our reported net sales in fiscal 2016 and 43% of net sales in fiscal 
2015. In fiscal 2016, reported net sales in the United States grew 3%, while underlying net sales increased 6%, after adjusting for (a) the negative effect of the 
absence of normal revenues in March and April following the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca and (b) the negative year-over-year effect of distributors' 
inventory buy-ins related to the launch of JDTF at the end of fiscal 2015. The growth in underlying net sales was driven by the Jack Daniel's family of 
brands, including higher volumes for JDTF, following its launch in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, and for JDTW. Volume gains for Woodford Reserve also 
contributed to the underlying net sales growth, while lower volumes from Sou1hem Comfort (before we sold the brand) and Canadian Mist partially offset 
these gains. Overall, we believe our brands grew market share in fiscal 2016 in both the on-premise and off-premise channels. 
Europe accounted for31% of our net sales in both fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. For fiscal 2016, reported net sales in Europe were down 2%, while 
underlying net sales were up 6%, after adjusting for the negative effect of foreign exchange and the positive effect of a net increase in distributor inventories 
in Russia. The growth in underlying net sales was driven by gains in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and Turkey, partially offset by declines in 
Russia. 
In the United Kingdom, underlying net sales growth was driven by the Jack Daniel's family of brands, led by volume growth for JDTW reflecting 
strong consumer demand, volume growth for JD RTDs, and the test market introduction of JDTF. 
In Germany, underlying net sales growth was primarily driven by higher volumes of JDTW. Volume growth of JDTH and JD RTDs also 
contributed. 
In Poland, volume gains for JDTW led underlying net sales growth, partially offset by a decline in volume of a lower-margin brand that we 
discontinued in fiscal 2016. 
30 


In France, underlying net sales growth was primarily driven by higher volumes for JDTW and JDTH, as the Jack Daniel's family of brands 
continued to gain market share in the world's third largest whiskey market. 
In Turkey, price increases, higher volumes, and a beneficial channel mix for JDTW drove underlying net sales growth. 
In Russia, volume declines for both Finlandia and JDTW were responsible for the decrease in underlying net sales. We believe that our results in 
this market were driven by factors common to all premium spirits companies - namely, challenging economic conditions and consumer trends 
toward less expensive, local products. 
Australia accounted for 9% of our net sales in fiscal 2016, down from 11 % in fiscal 2015. In fiscal 2016, reported net sales were down 12%, but 
underlying net sales were up 2% after adjusting for the negative effect of a weaker Australian dollar. Underlying net sales growth was driven by the Jack 
Daniel's family of brands, led by volume gains for JD RTDs and JDTW, as well as the introduction of JDTF late in the fiscal year. 
Net sales for our other markets constituted 14% of our total net sales in fiscal 2016, down from 15% in fiscal 2015. Reported net sales were down I 0% 
in fiscal 2016, but underlying net sales were up 3% after adjusting reported results for the negative effect of a stronger U.S. dollar and the negative impact of a 
net decreas~ in distributor inventories. The increase in underlying net sales was led by Mexico, Brazil, and sub-Saharan Africa. Decreased volume in travel 
retail and Southeast Asia partially offset the overall growth in this grouping. 
31 


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS- FISCAL 2016 BRAND HIGHLIGHTS 
The folio·~ :r.i; t.1hle highlights the worldwide results of our largest brands for fiscal 2016, compared to the results for fiscal 20 l '· We discuss results of 
the bmnds ff· 
ffe~ting our performance below the table. 
Major Br: 
tlwide Results for Fiscal 20161 
Depletion Volume 
Net Sales% Change vs. 2015 
'line--Liter 
Cases 
.llli.D!U . .!Il.ii.L_ 
\lillions) 
Jack Daniel's Fam 
~2.3 
fa.:k Daniel's Tei. 
Whi~key 
• 3 
Jack Daniel's Tennesse 
Honey 
Other Jack Daniel's 
whiskey bran 
Jack f' 
RT!' 
:>:ewr.1 
hnlandia 
Canadian Mist 
El Jimado/~, •:.-,,,:,i.._ 
Woodford Rr 
0 
ll••!"!"'!d· 
') .. 
,/fer due to mun,, 
1See "Non-GAAF 
information is use1 
'In addition to the 
SclC"C" ',,,.., T)ani.: 
Drinks 
¾ Change 
Equivalent 
vs. 2015 
(Millions) 
5% 
15.7 
1% 
12.3 
,,. 
1.5 
%, 
1.2 
·% 
0.7 
'~'o 
0.t 
'I,,) 
3.( 
,) 
J.:I 
I.I 
• 
0.5 
6%~ 
0.4 
... -ssee Whisk 
¾ Change 
Foreign 
vs. 2015 
Reported 
E«hange 
5% 
(1%) 
6% 
3% 
(1%) 
6% 
8% 
-% 
5% 
30% 
11% 
5% 
4% 
(7%) 
11% 
1% 
2% 
20~ 
)%) 
(16%) 
13" 
(1()%) 
~~~) 
Net Chg in Est. 
Distributor 
Inventories 
Um~erlvin~ 
1% 
(,~-.) 
(1%) 
,o, ... 
4% 
90:,~ 
12° 
28'!0 
4% 
23% 
(5%) 
(\ 1%) 
~01' 
• how we calculate this measure and why we think this 
.. tre. 
Daniel's~;~ 
:1essee T 
lJa,: 
~Tl..i 
.~.:. 
.. ,d:de all lt1 
i.:&Cola,, 
'-~ Jar'' r, ... ,j .. •• .. V ,..~ 
,tiun, Jack Daniel's Sinatra 
:k Daniel's Tennessee Fire. 
-~ c:1c·. :ola, Jack & Ginger, Jack 
Da 
Cock:.ui,. G~tlc, 
.. tiscal 2016, lh:: lack Da,1iel's famil 
expressions of the brand 
'n<lerlyiui; net sales 
total underlying net sa' 
·-~wth. In fiscal 201 l 
United States nationw 
• fourth quarter r 
slightly in the United: 
w •n most oth, 
--.ds grew volum~s 5% glnt, ,.ily :n near' 
of brands increased 6° 
e, 
I " 
dw "·mily ofbn11d's, 
_ Ji 5 
•lletl 
:ts. 
'.; r.·.;::·. ,~ -i1 
~1i·:aic..:~! ,.i~~ ca::;cs across all 
d ,·'·. 
vas tn~ mos• s:gr.i~!i,l!llt. qontributor to our 
1 1,,, 
by (a) JOTF. ,~i,,,:_i)i we,. ilttroduced in the 
i<_.,:, 
;cal 20Hi; antl (t--~~~:\'tl, which declined 
---~------

/ 
----·----------------
... 
. ., 

Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey generates a significant percentage of our total net sales, and it is our top priority. As the world's fourth-largest 
premium spirits brand measured by both volume and retail value, 1 JDTW is one of the most valuable spirits brands in the world. During calendar 20 I 5, JDTW 
grew yolume for a 24th consecutive year and outpaced the average volume growth rate of the top 25 premium spirits brands1 - an achievement that 
underscores our belief in the brand's long-term appeal and sustainable growth potential. JDTW grew volumes 3% globally in fiscal 2016, down from its 4% 
growth rate in fiscal 2015. JDTW underlying net sales grew 4% (reported declined I%) led by the United States, the United Kingdom, Tu Ikey, Germany, and 
France. These increases were partially offset by declines in travel retail and a slowdown in growth in emerging matkets, driven by declines in Southeast Asia 
and Russia. 
Since its introduction in late fiscal 201 I, Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey has contributed significantly to our net sales growth. We estimate that JDTH 
is now the 13th largest brand in the world priced over $25 per 750ml bottle.2 In fiscal 2016, JDTH grew volumes by 8%, down from its 29% growth rate last 
year. A slowing growth rate was expected, considering that we essentially completed the international rollout of JDTH in fiscal 2015. JDTH grew underlying 
net sales 9% (reported were flat) driven by higher volumes in Brazil and France, and, to a lesser extent, growth in the United Kingdom, Germany, and Czech 
Republic. These gains were partially offset by declines in the United States, where takeaway trends weakened due to increased competition. 
Among our Other Jack Daniel's whiskey brands, the most significant contributor to underlying net sales growth was JDTF, launched nationally in the 
United States at the end of fiscal 2015 and rolled out to select international matkets in fiscal 2016, including the United Kingdom (test market), Czech 
Republic, and Australia (introduced late in fiscal 2016). JDTF was designatt:J as an Impact "Hot Brand"3 in its first calendar year. JDTF contributed over 20% 
of the underlying net sales growth delivered by the Jack Daniel's family of brands in fiscal 20 I 6. 
The Jack Daniel's RTDs/RTPs brands grew volume 4% and underlying net sales 4% (reported declined 7%) in fiscal 2016. JD RTDs underlying net 
sales growth was driven by volume gains in the United Kingdom, Australia, Mexico, and Germany. These gains were partially offset by declines for Jack 
Daniel's Winter Jack. 
In fiscal 2016, New Mix volumes increased 14%, while underlying net sales growth of23% (reported increased 2%) was helped by a price increase. 
Growth was helped by low trade inventories at the beginning of fiscal 2016, as well as by higher takeaway trends relative to fiscal 20 I 5, new size offerings, 
and distribution expansion within Mexico. 
In fiscal 2016, Finlandia volumes declined 12%, while underlying net sales were down 5% (reported declined 16%). The decline in underlying net 
sales was driven predominantly by lower volumes in travel retail and Russia. In Poland, the brand's largest market, Finlandia grew modestly compared to last 
year, but continued to suffer from generally weak consumer demand for premium vodkas in this competitive marketplace. In addition, Finlandia RTDs were 
discontinued in Mexico. 
Canadian Mist volumes declined 11% while underlying net sales also decreased 11% (reported declined [0%) in fiscal 2016. The net sales declines 
were driven by lower volumes in the United States. In fiscal 2017, we plan to introduce new packaging and related marketing programs in an effort to 
stabilize the brand. 
el Jimador volumes declined 4% in fiscal 2016, but underlying net sales were up 5% (reported declined 5%). Underlying net sales growth was driven 
by higher volumes in the United States, partially offset by volume declines in Mexico. We expected short-term volume declines in Mexico, as we decided to 
begin raising prices strategically in fiscal 2015. el Jimador continued to grow market share in the United States, its largest market, and returned to Impact's 
"Hot Brands" list3 in calendar 2015. In the rest of the world, el Jimador grew volumes more than 15% to surpass 200,000 nine-liter cases. 
Woodford Reserve grew volumes26% in fiscal 2016 (after growing 30% in fiscal 2015 and 24% in fiscal 2014) and was named to Impact's "Hot 
Brands" list3. In addition, underlying net sales grew 28% {reported increased 29%) in fiscal 2016. The United States is by far the brand's most important 
market and was responsible for most of its growth during fiscal 2016. Woodford Reserve continued its momentum outside the United States as well, growing 
volumes 33%, driven by the United Kingdom. During fiscal 2016, we increased our advertising investment in Woodford Reserve both in the United States 
and internationally. Woodford Reserve led a fast-growing competitive set of super-premium American whiskeys, and we believe it is poised for continued 
growth as interest in bourbon increases around the world. We plan to devote substantial resources to Woodford Reserve to support its growth potential, 
including sustained advertising investment focused on consumer communications and capital spending for two new warebouses in fiscal 2017. 
1Bascd on industry statistics published by Impact Databank, a well-known U.S. trade publication, in March 2016. 
2Thc IWSR, 2015 data. 
3Impact Databank published the Impact's "Hot Brands - Spirits'" list in March 2016. 
33 


In fiscal 2016, Herradura volumes grew 6% and underlying net sales were up 13% (reported were flat). This growth was driven primarily by improved 
price/mix and increased volumes in the brand's largest markets, Mexico and the United States. We remain focused on developing Herradura in the United 
States (where we see considerable potential for growth), strengthening our position in Mexico, and continuing to build our presence in higher-value tequila 
markets throughout the world. 
34 


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS- YEAR-OVER-YEAR COMPARISONS 
NET SALES 
Percentage change versus the prior fiscal year ended April 30 
Change in reported net sales 
Sale ofSouthem Comfort and Tuaca 
Foreign exchange 
Estimated net change in distributor inventories 
Change in underlying net sales 
Change in underlying net sales attributed to: 
Volume 
/ 
Net price/mix 
Note: Totals may diJ}'er due to rounding 
Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 
1% 
4% 
2016 
(2)% 
1% 
6% 
-% 
5% 
4% 
3% 
2015 
4% 
-% 
3% 
(1)% 
6% 
Net sales of$4,0l I million decreased 2%, or $85 million, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. Underlying net sales growth was 5%, after adjusting 
reported results for the negative effects of foreign exchange and the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca. The negative effect of foreign exchange was driven 
primarily by the dollar's broad strengthening against most currencies. The change in underlying net sales was driven by the 4% positive impact of price/mix 
and I% volume growth. Improved price/mix was driven by a shift in sales out of lower-priced brands, most notably Finlandia and Canadian Mist, to higher-
priced brands, led by the Jack Daniel's family of brands and Woodford Reserve. 
The primary factors contributing to growth in underlying net sales were: 
broad-based, consumer-oriented growth of JDTW volumes, led by the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Mexico, and Poland, 
and beneficial channel mix in Turkey; 
launch of JDTF in the United States, the United Kingdom (test market), Czech Republic, and Australia (introduced late in fiscal 2016); 
growth ofour tequila brands led by (I) higher volumes of New Mix in Mexico, (2) higher prices and volumes ofHerradura in Mexico and the United 
States, and (3) higher volumes of el Jimador in the United States; 
volume growth of Woodford Reserve in the United States; 
broad-based volume growth of JDTH outside the United States, led by Brazil and France; and 
higher volumes of JD RTDs in the United Kingdom and Australia. 
The primary factors partially offselling growth in underlying net sales were: 
broad-based declines ofFinlandia in Europe, most notably in Russia; 
volume declines for lower-margin brands that we discontinued in fiscal 2016 and for lower-margin agency brands that we no longer distribute; 
declines in Southern Comfort in the United States before we sold it; 
volume declines of el Jimador in Mexico; and 
volume declines of JDTW in Russia. 
Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014 
Net sales of$4,096 million increased 4%, or $150 million, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. Underlying net sales growth was 6%, after adjusting 
reported results for the negative effect of foreign exchange and the estimated net increase in distributor inventories. The negative effect of foreign exchange, 
after taking into consideration our hedging activities, was driven primarily by weaker European currencies. The estimated net increase in distributor 
inventories resulted from distributor buy-ins related to the nationwide rollout of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire in the United States and the year-over-year 
effect of our January 2014 RTC change in France. In fiscal 2014, our former distributor in France fully depleted inventories of our brands during November 
and December - during which time there were essentially no shipments - before we began selling directly to customers in France in January 20 I 4. Going 
forward, we will not adjust France's underlying results for changes in distributor inventories because fiscal 2015 fully reflected owned distribution. The 
change in underlying net sales was driven by the 4% positive impact 
35 


of volume growth and the 3% positive impact of price/mix due to favorable whiskey portfolio mix driven by the growth of higher-priced brands. 
The primary factors contributing to growth in underlying net sales were: 
broad-based, consumer-oriented growth of JDTW volumes, led by (1) the United States; (2) several large European markets, including Turkey, the 
United Kingdom, and Ukraine; and (3) Brazil, despite worsening economic trends; 
Jack Daniel's family ofbrands in France, driven by volume growth and higher pricing related to the RTC change; 
JDTH volume growth, led by increases in existing markets, including the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Czech Republic, and by 
volumes in recent launch markets, including France (launched at the end of fiscal 2014) and Brazil; 
volume growth from the nationwide launch of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire in the United States in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015; 
volume growth of Woodford Reserve in the United States; 
better mix in our tequila portfolio with the launch of Herradura Ultra and price increases for el Jimador in Mexico; and 
higher prices for our used barrel sales driven by higher demand from makers of Scotch whisky and other aged spirits. 
The primary factors partially offsetting growth in underlying net sales were: 
declines in Finlandia Vodka, driven predominantly by Poland, where year-over-year volumes declined due to a buy-in in advance of a significant 
excise tax increase and weaker consumer demand during fiscal 2015; 
lower volumes for the Southern Comfort family ofbrands, primarily in the United States, driven by weaker demand in the on-premise channel; and 
lower volumes of Jack Daniel's RTDs in Australia, driven by weaker consumer demand for spirits and spirit-based RTDs and by increased 
competition. 
COST OF SALES 
Percentage change versus the prior fiscal year ended April 30 
Change in reported cost of sales 
Sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca 
Foreign exchange 
Estimated net change in distributor inventories 
Change in underlying cost of sales 
Change in underlying cost of sales attributed to: 
Volume 
Cost/mix 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 
/% 
2.4% 
2016 
(1)% 
-% 
4% 
-% 
3% 
4% 
3% 
2015 
4% 
-% 
3% 
-% 
7% 
Cost of sales of$945 million decreased $6 million, or 1%, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. Underlying cost of sales grew3% after adjusting 
reported costs for the positive effect of foreign exchange. About one-third of the underlying increase in costs of sales was driven by growth in sales volumes, 
while the other two-thirds related to higher input costs, including wood and grain, and a shift in product mix to higher-<:ost brands. Looking ahead to fiscal 
20 I 7, we expect that input costs will increase in the low single digits. 
36 


Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014 
Cost of sales of $951 million increased $38 million, or4%, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. Underlying cost of sales grew 7% after adjusting 
reported costs for the positive effect of foreign exchange. About half of the underlying increase in costs of sales was driven by growth in sales volumes, while 
the other half related to higher input costs, including additional value-added packaging expenses and, to a lesser extent, a shift in product mix to higher-cost 
brands, compared to the prior year. 
GROSS PROFIT 
Percentage change versus the prior fiscal year ended April 30 
Change in reported gross profit 
Sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca 
Foreign exchange 
Estimated net change in distributor inventories 
Change in underlying gross profit 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 
2016 
2015 
(2)% 
5% 
1% 
-% 
6% 
3% 
-% 
(1)% 
5% 
7% 
Gross profit of$2,144 million decreased $39 million, or 2%, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. Gross profit on an underlying basis improved 5% 
after adjusting reported gross profit for the negative effects of foreign exchange and the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca. The increase resulted from the 
same factors that contributed to the increase in underlying net sales for the year. 
Gross margin improved to 53.4% in fiscal 2016, up 10 basis points from 53.3% in fiscal 2015. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to a 
favorable mix shift. 
Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014 
Gross profit of$2,l 83 million increased $1 OS million, or 5%, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. Gross profit on an underlying basis improved 7% 
after adjusting reported gross profit for the negative effects of foreign exchange and the estimated net increase in distributor inventories. The increase resulted 
from the same factors that contributed to the increase in underlying net sales for the year and was enhanced by the smaller combined increase in underlying 
excise taxes and cost of sales for the year. 
Gross margin improved to 53.3% in fiscal 20 IS, up 60 basis points from 52.7% in fiscal 2014. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher 
pricing and a favorable mix shift. 
ADVERTISING EXPENSES 
Percentage change versus the prior fiscal year ended April 30 
Change in reported advertising 
Sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca 
Foreign exchange 
Change in underlying advertising 
Note: Totals may difl,r due to ro1mding 
Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 
2016 
(4)% 
2% 
5% 
2% 
2015 
-% 
-% 
4% 
4% 
Advertising expenses of$417 million decreased $20 million, or 4% in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 20 IS. Underlying advertising expenses increased 
2% after adjusting reported results for the positive effects of foreign exchange and the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca. The increase in underlying 
advertising expenses was driven primarily by investments in the United States for Woodford Reserve, IDTW, and IDTF, as well as higher spending outside 
the United States on the Jack Daniel's family of brands. These increases were partially offset by lower spending for Southern Comfort globally and Finlandia 
Vodka in many markets. 
37 


Fiscal ZOJ 5 compared to Fiscal 2014 
Advertising expenses of $437 million increased $1 million in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, essentially unchanged on a reported basis. 
Underlying advertising expenses increased 4% after adjusting reported results for the benefit of foreign exchange. The increase in underlying advertising 
expenses was driven primarily by (a) investments in United States related to the nationwide launch of JDTF, (b) higher spending on JDTW in the United 
States, and (c) higher spending outside the United States on the Jack Daniel's family of brands. These increases were partially offset by lower spending for 
Southern Comfort and Finlandia in many markets. 
SELLING, GENERAL, AND ADMINISTRATIVE (SG&A) EXPENSES 
Percentage change versus the prior fiscal year ended April 30 
Change in reported SG&A 
Sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca 
Foreign exchange 
Change in underlying SU&A 
Nott: Totals may differ d11e to rounding 
Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 
2016 
(1)% 
-% 
4% 
2% 
2015 
2% 
-% 
2% 
4% 
SG&A expenses of $688 million decreased $9 million, or 1 %, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, while underlying SG&A grew 2% after adjusting 
reported results for the positive effect of foreign exchange. The most significant contributors to the year-over-year increase in underlying SG&A were higher 
compensation and related expenses. 
Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014 
SG&A expenses of$697 million increased $11 million, or 2%, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, while underlying SG&A grew 4% after adjusting 
reported results for the favorable effect of foreign exchange. The most significant contributors to the year-over-year increase in underlying SG&A were higher 
compensation and related expenses due to higher salaries, additional employees in various markets, and a full year of costs related to employees added 
during fiscal 2014 for our new distribution company in France. 
OPERATING INCOME 
Percentage change versus the prior fiscal year ended April 30 
Change in reported operating income 
Sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca 
Foreign exchange 
Estimated net change in distributor inventories 
Change in underlying operating income 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 
2016 
2015 
49% 
6% 
(46)% 
-% 
4% 
6% 
1% 
(3)% 
8% 
9% 
Operating income was$1,533 million in fiscal 2016, an increase of$506 million, or49% compared to fiscal 2015. Underlying operating income 
growth was 8% afier adjusting for (a) the positive effect of the sale of South em Comfort and Tuaca; (b) the negative effect of foreign exchange related to the 
broad strengthening of the dollar; and (c) the estimated net decrease in distributor inventories, driven primarily by the absence of the pipeline fill in the 
United States associated with the nationwide rollout of JDTF in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. The same factors that contributed to the growth in 
underlying gross profit also contributed to the growth in underlying operating income, enhanced by a slower rate of growth in operating expenses. 
38 


Operating margin grew 13.1 percentage points to 38.2% in fiscal 20 I 6 from 25.1 % in fiscal 2015. The same factors that drove the increase in our gross 
margin benefited our operating margin, additionally enhanced by a slower rate of growth in operating expenses compared to the gross profit growth rate. The 
sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca increased our operating margin 12.0 percentage points. 
Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014 
Operating income was $1,027 million in fiscal 2015, an increase of$56 million, or 6%, compared to fiscal 2014. Underlying operating income growth 
was 9% after adjusting for (a) the estimated net increase in U.S. distributor inventories in anticipation of the nationwide rollout of JDTF, (b) the year-over-
year effect of our January 2014 RTC change in France, and (c) the negative effect of foreign exchange, mostly related to weaker European currencies. 
Included in the negative effect of foreign exchange was $30 million in other expense (income), net, in fiscal 2015 related to the revaluation of foreign-
currency-<lenominated net assets. The same factors that contributed to the growth in underlying gross profit also contributed to the growth in underlying 
operating income, enhanced by a slower rate of growth in operating expenses. 
Operating margin grew 50 basis points to 25.1 % in fiscal 2015 from 24.6% in fiscal 2014. The same factors that drove the increase in our gross margin 
benefited our operating margin, additionally enhanced by operating expenses, which grew at a slower rate than gross profit growth. These factors were 
partially offset by the negative effect of the revaluation of certain largely euro-<lenominated net assets. 
Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 
Interest expense (net) increased by $19 million, or 70%, in fiscal 20 I 6 compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to our June 2015 issuance of $500 
million 4.50% senior unsecured notes due on July 15, 2045 and the increase in our commercial paper borrowing. 
Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 was 28.3% compared to 31.7% in fiscal 2015. The decrease in our effective tax rate was driven primarily by an 
increase in the beneficial impact of foreign earnings and the impact of the sale of the Southern Comfort and Tuaca business. 
Diluted earnings per share were$5.22 in fiscal 2016, up63% from$3.2I for fiscal 2015. This increase resulted from (a) the same factors that 
contributed to the increase in operating income, including $1.76 from the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca, (b) the reduction in the shares outstanding 
resulting from share repurchases, and (c) the decrease in the effective tax rate. 
Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014 
Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 was 31.7% compared to 30.5% in fiscal 2014. The effective tax rates include the amortization ($15 million in 
fiscal 2015 and $5 million in fiscal 2014) of a deferred tax benefit that resulted from the release of certain deferred tax liabilities in connection with an 
intercompany transfer of assets on January 31, 2014. The increase in our effective tax rate was driven primarily by the reduction in the beneficial impact of 
foreign earnings, partially offset by the increase in the amortization of this deferred tax benefit. 
Diluted earnings per share were $3.21 in fiscal 2015, up 5% from $3.06 for fiscal 2014. This increase resulted from the same factors that contributed to 
the increase in operating income and the reduction in the shares outstanding resulting from share repurchases, partially offset by the increase in the effective 
tax rate. 
39 


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
Our ability to generate cash from operations consistently is one ofour most significant financial strengths. Our strong cash flows enable us to invest in 
our people, our brands, and our assets, pay dividends, make strategic· ,cqu,, itions that we believe will enhance shareholder value, repurchase shares of 
common stock, and, from time to time, pay special dividends. Inve~' 
,le credit ratings (Al by Moody's, A by Fitch, and A- by Standard & Poor's) 
provide us with financial flexibility when accessing global credi• 
. We believe cash flows from operations are sufficient to meet our expected 
operating and capital requirements. 
CASH FLOW SUMMARY 
(Dollars in millions) 
Operati1· 
Investir. 
Additions to property, plant, and equipment 
Other 
Fman,;,u,l.:-
~1i:~ chan 1 
Acqurs, .. .,n oftre.;.,l.. 
,tock 
Dividends paid 
Other 
Foreign, 
Change 
Fiscal 2016 compared 111. 
.,ndco, 
Cash and cash equivalents ueclined $ i 07 million in 
during fiscal 2016 was $524 million, compared to $608 mu 
income tax payments, largely reflecting a $125 million paym~ 
the Southern Comfort and Tuaca business, partially offset by th 
of assets. The decline in cash provided by operations also reflect 
2014 
2015 
2016 
649 
$ 
608 
S 
524 
543 
(108) 
(2) 
(127) 
(125) 
433 
80 
240 
(49) 
(4o!:lJ 
(1,107) 
(233) 
(256) 
(266) 
(()) 
4 
(7) 
(28gl 
(531~ 
(l,Q60) 
l_ 
(4) 
) 
$ 
(107) 
·-
pareu , 
nillion in tis,.. 
n provided by operations 
,r year. 1 h, $84 , 
Jecline was primaril} lluc 
~ $5S million increase in 
~ the fourth quaner of 1iscal 2016 for the estimated taxes incurred on the sale of 
"' .;1\4 million paid during fiscal 2015 in connection with an illtercompany transfer 
.uillion increase in interest payments, due to higher debt balanc:s and interest rates. 
Cash provided by investing activities was $433 million in fiscal 2016. The increase of $558 million over the prior year primarily rell!tcts the proceeds 
of$543 million from the sale of the Southern Comfon and Tuaca business in fiscal 2016. Cash used for financing activities was $1.06"1.milfion during fiscal 
2016, compared to $531 million for fiscal 2015. The $529 million increase largely reflects a $645 million increase in share repurcl ;es aJJd the repayment of 
$250 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.5% notes that matured in January 20 I 6, partially offset by proceeds of $490 r 
ion from the issuance of 
4.50% senior notes due 2045 issued in June 2015, and an $80 million increase in short-term borrowings. The impact on cash a~ 
h equivalents as a result 
of exchange rate changes was a decline of$4 million in fiscal 2016, compared to a decline of$19 million in the prior fiscal ye:· 
Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014 
Cash and cash equivalents declined $67 million in fiscal 2015, compared to an increase of $233 million in fiscal :: 
Ii provided by operating 
activities declined $41 million compared to fiscal 2014, primarily reflecting a $94 million increase in income tax payments, panially offset by higher 
earnings. Cash used for investing activities declined slightly, to $125 million in fiscal 2015 from $127 million in fiscal 2014. Cash used for financing 
activities was $531 million during fiscal 2015 compared to $288 million during fiscal 2014. The $243 million increase largely reflected a $413 million 
increase in share repurchases and a $23 million increase in dividends, partially offset by a $178 million increase in short-term borrowings. The impact on 
cash and cash equivalents as a result of exchange rate changes was a decline of$ I 9 million in fiscal 2015, compared to a decline of$ I million in fiscal 2014. 
40 

,.., 

Capital expenditures. Investments in property, plant, and equipment were $126 million in fiscal 2014, $120 million in fiscal 20 I 5, and $ I 08 million in 
fiscal 2016. Expenditures over the three-year period primarily included investments to maintain and expand capacity as well as improve production 
efficiency, reduce costs, and build our brands. Capital investments remained high in fiscal 2016, with continued spending on production operations 
representing approximately 80% of the total spend. 
For fiscal 2017, we expect capital expenditures to range from $ I 50 million to $200 million. Our capital spending plans for fiscal 2017 include 
continued investment in our whiskey strategy, led by an expansion of our bottling facilities at Jack Daniel's. Capital spending will continue for the Old 
Forester Distillery, Woodford Reserve Distillery, and the Slane Castle Irish Whiskey Distillery. We also plan to expand warehousing for our newly acquired 
Scotch business. We expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019 to remain high as we complete several key, multi year projects. 
Share repurchases. We have repurchased approximately 18.3 million shares of our common stock since the beginning of fiscal 2014. The following 
table summarizes information about those share repurchases by period. 
Average Price Per Share, Including 
Total Cost of 
Sha res Purchased 
Brokerage Commissions 
Shares 
Period 
Class A 
Class B 
Class A 
Class B 
(Millions) 
May l,2013-April30,2014 
24,800 
661,472 
$ 
68.03 
$ 
69.04 
$ 
47 
May I, 2014-April 30, 2015 
65,105 
5,034,330 $ 
90.21 
$ 
90.36 
$ 
461 
May I, 2015 -April 30, 2016 
21,041 
11,357,349 $ 
95.43 
$ 
96.98 
$ 
1,104 
May 1,2016-June 10,2016 
1,121,306 $ 
$ 
96.71 
$ 
108 
110,946 
18,174,457 
$ 
1,720 
We repurchased these shares under three separate repurchase programs, including one that began on April I, 2016, and remains in progress. Under that 
one, we may repurchase up to$ I billion ofour Class A and Class B common shares through March 31, 2017, subject to market and other conditions. We may 
repurchase those shares in open market purchases, block transactions, or privately negotiated transactions in accordance with federal securities laws. We can 
modify, suspend, or terminate this repurchase program at any time without prior notice. As of June I 0, 2016, we have repurchased a total of2,286,3 l 9 shares 
under this program for approximately $220 million, leaving $780 million available for additional repurchases through March 31, 2017. 
The results of the three share repurchase programs are summarized in the following table. 
Starting 
October2013 
October2014 
April 2016 
Oates 11> 
Ending 
September2014 
March 2016 
March 2017 
Shares Purchased 
Class A 
Class B 
47,463 
2,861,626 
63,483 
13,026,512 
2,286,3 I 9 
110,946 
18,174,457 
(I) For the stock repurchase program begun in April 20/6, data is through June /0, 20/6. 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Average Price Per 
Share, Including 
Brokerage Commissions 
Class A 
Class B 
78.81 
$ 
86.08 
91.80 
$ 
95.51 
$ 
96.19 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Total Spent on 
Stock Repurchase 
Program 
(Millions) 
250 
1,250 
220 
1,720 
Liquidity. We continue to manage liquidity conservatively to meet current obligations, fund capital expenditures, maintain dividends, and continue 
share repurchases while reserving adequate debt capacity for acquisition opportunities. 
In addition to our cash and cash equivalent balances, we have access to several liquidity sources to supplement our cash flow from operations. One of 
those sources is our $1.2 billion commercial paper program that we regularly use to fund our short-term credit needs and to maintain our access to the capital 
markets. During fiscal 2015, our commercial paper borrowings averaged $191 million, with an average maturity of 14 days and an average interest rate of 
0.17%. During fiscal 2016, our commercial paper borrowings averaged $331 million, with an average maturity of 29 days and an average interest rate of 
0.42%. Commercial paper outstanding was $183 million at April 30, 2015, and $269 million at April 30, 2016. 
Our commercial paper program is supported with available commitments under our currently undrawn $800 million bank credit facility that matures 
on November 20, 2018, and undrawn $400 million 364-day credit facility that matures on May 5, 2017. Further, we believe that the markets for investment-
grade bonds and private placements are accessible sources of long-term financing that could meet any additional liquidity needs. Although unlikely, under 
extreme market conditions, one or more participating banks may not be able to fully fund its commitments under our credit facility. 
41 


We have high credit standards when initiating transactions with counterparties, and we closely monitor our counterparty risks with respect to our cash 
balances and derivative contracts. If a counterparty's credit quality were to deteriorate below our credit standards, we would expect either to liquidate 
exposures or require the counterparty to post appropriate collateral. 
As of April 30, 2016, we had total cash and cash equivalents of$263 million. Of this amount, $220 million was held by foreign subsidiaries whose 
earnings we expect to reinvest indefinitely outside of the United States. We do not expect to need the cash generated by those foreign subsidiaries to fund our 
domestic operations. In the unforeseen event that we were to repatriate cash from those foreign subsidiaries, we would be required to provide for and pay U.S. 
taxes on permanently repatriated earnings. See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the taxes that would have 
been provided on the undistributed earnings of these foreign subsidiaries ifnot considered indefinitely reinvested. 
As announced on May 26, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.34 per share on our Class A and Class B 
common stock. Stockholders of record on June 6, 2016, will receive the dividend on July I, 2016. 
On June 1, 2016, we acquired 90% of the voting equity interests in The BenRiach Distillery Company Limited for approximately $307 million in cash. 
The acquisition included our assumption of the company's debts and transaction-related obligations totaling approximately $66 million, which we have 
since paid. We financed the transaction with a combination of cash on hand and short-term commercial paper borrowing. The transaction includes a put and 
call option agreement for the remaining I 0% equity shares. Under that agreement, we may choose (or be required) to purchast: the remaining I 0% for 
approximately 24 million British pounds (approximately $34 million at the exchange rate on June I, 2016) during the one-year period ending November 14, 
2017. 
We believe our current liquidity position is strong and sufficient to meet all of our future financial commitments. A quantitative covenant of our $800 
million bank credit facility requires the ratio of consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the agreement) to consolidated interest expense to be at least 3 to I. At 
April 30, 2016, with a ratio of24 to 1, we were well within the covenant's parameters. The $400 million 364--day credit facility ha·s no quantitative covenant 
requirement. 
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
As of April 30, 2016, we were not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our 
financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS 
We have long-term obligations related to contracts, leases, borrowing arrangements, and employee benefit plans that we enter into in the normal course 
of business (see Notes 4, 5, and 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements). The following table summarizes the amounts of those obligations as of April 30, 
2016, and the years when they must be paid: 
LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS1 
(Dollars in millions) 
Long-term debt 
Interest on long-term debt 
Grape purchase obligations 
Operating leases 
Postretirement benefit obligationsZ 
Agave purchase obligationsl 
Total 
$ 
$ 
Total 
1,250 
$ 
950 
20 
46 
33 
2 
2,301 
$ 
2017 
40 
10 
18 
33 
n/a 
IOI 
------
2018-2019 
$ 
250 
77 
7 
18 
n/a 
n/a 
$ 
352 
1 Excludes liabilities for tax uncertainties, as we cannot reasonably predict the ultimate amount or timing of settlement. 
2020-2021 
After 2021 
$ 
$ 
1,000 
75 
758 
2 
I 
7 
3 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
$ 
84 
$ 
1,762 
2 As of April 30, 2016, we have unfunded pension and other postretirement benefit obligations of$360 million. Because we cannot determine the specific periods in which 
those obligations will be funded, the table above reflects no amounts related to those obligations other than the $33 million of expected contributions (including $26 million of 
expected discretionary contributions) in fiscal 2017. 
3 As discussed in Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, we have obligations to purchase agave, a plant whose sap forms the raw material for tequila As of April 30, 
2016, based on current market prices, obligations under these contracts totaled $2 million. Because we cannot detennine the specific periods in which those obligations will be 
paid, the above table reflects only the total related to those obligations. 
We expect to meet these obligations with internally generated funds or issuance of debt. 
42 


CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
Our financial statements reflect some estimates involved in applying the following critical accounting policies that entail uncertainties and 
subjectivity. Using different estimates or policies could have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
Goodwill and olher intangible assels. We have obtained most ofour brands by acquiring other companies. When we acquire another company, we first 
allocate the purchase price to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible brand names and trademarks ("brand names"), based on estimated fair 
value. We then record any remaining purchase price as goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives. We consider all 
of our brand names to have indefinite lives. 
We assess our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually. If an asset's fair value is less than its book value, 
we write it down to its estimated fair value. For goodwill, if the book value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we measure for potential 
impainnent by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill, determined in the same manner as in a business combination, to the 
goodwill's book value. We estimate the reporting unit's fair value using discounted estimated future cash flows or market information. We typically estimate 
the fair value of a brand name using the "relief from royalty" method. We also consider market values for similar assets when available. Considerable 
managemtnt judgment is necessary to estimate fair value, including making assumptions about future cash flows, discount rates, and royalty rates. 
We have the option, before quantifying the fair value of a reporting unit or brand name, to evaluate qualitative factors to assess whether it is more likely 
than not that our goodwill or brand names are impaired. If we determine that is not the case, then we are not ,cquired to quantify the fair value. That 
assessment also takes considerable management judgment. 
Based on our assumptions, we believe none of our goodwill or other intangibles are impaired. Further, we estimate the fair values to substantially 
exceed the carcying values of all ofour goodwill and other intangible assets. 
Pension and other pas/retirement benefits. We sponsor various defined benefit pension plans as well as postretirement plans providing retiree health 
care and retiree life insurance benefits. Benefits are based on factors such as years of service and compensation level during employment. We expense the 
benefits expected to be paid over employees' expected service. This requires us to make assumptions to determine the net benefit expense and obligations, 
such as interest rates, return on plan assets, the rate of salary increases, expected service, and health care cost trend rates. 
The assets, obligations, and assumptions used to measure pension and retiree medical expenses are determined at the beginning of the year 
("measurement date"). Because obligations are measured on a discounted basis, the discount rate is a significant assumption. It is based on interest rates for 
high-quality, long-term corporate debt at each measurement date. The expected return on pension plan assets reflects expected capital market returns for each 
asset class that are based on historical returns, adjusted for the expected effects of diversification and active management (net of fees) of the assets. The other 
assumptions also reflect our historical experience and management's best judgment regarding future expectations. 
We review our assumptions on each annual measurement date. As of April 30, 2016, we have decreased the weighted-average discount rate for pension 
obligations from 4.09% to 4.02%, and for other postretirement benefit obligations from 4.09% to 3.96%. Our expected return on plan assets of7.0% has not 
changed. Using these assumptions, we estimate our pension and postretirement benefit expense for fiscal 2017 will be approximately $47 million, compared 
to $51 million for fiscal 2016. A decrease/increase of 25 basis points in the assumed discount rate would increase/decrease the fiscal 2017 expense by 
approximately $3 million. A decrease/increase of 25 basis points in the assumed return on plan assets would increase/decrease the fiscal 2017 expense by 
approximately $2 million. 
Income taxes. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. We establish liabilities when some positions are likely to be challenged 
and may not succeed, despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable. We adjust these liabilities in light of changing circumstances, such 
as the progress of a tax audit. We believe current liabilities are appropriate for all known contingencies, but this situation could change. 
Years can elapse before we can resolve a particular matter for which we have established a tax liability. Although predicting the final outcome or the 
timing of resolution of any particular tax matter can be difficult, we believe our liabilities reflect the likely outcome of known tax contingencies. Unfavorable 
settlement of any particular issue could require use of our cash. Conversely, a favorable resolution could result in reduced cash tax payments, the reversal of 
previously established liabilities, or some combination of these results, which could reduce our effective tax rate. 
43 


Item 7 A. Quantitative and Q11alitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
Risk Management Framework 
Success in business requires risk taking. Only by taking risks can we seize opportunities that will enhance brand performance and improve earnings, but 
we must balance risk and reward appropriately. Our enterprise risk management process is intended to ensure that we take risks knowingly and thoughtfully 
and that we balance risks and potential rewards appropriately. Our integrated enterprise risk management fiamework is designed to identify, evaluate, 
communicate, and appropriately mitigate risks across our operations. Within this fiamework: 
Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our enterprise risk assessment and mitigation processes and procedures. The Board itself 
oversees some strategic enterprise risks and delegates responsibility for other risks to committees that report to the Board regularly on risks within 
their purview, and to management. 
The Audit Committee oversees policies and processes related to enterprise risk management, compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements, and financial reporting and accounting control risks. 
The Comp~nsation Committee periodically reviews our compensation policies and practices to assess whether they could lead to unnecessary 
risk taking. 
Our Risk Committee, composed of managers from an array oflevels, functions, and geographies, reports to the Board at least annually. It leads our 
enterprise risk management program, which systematically identifies and evaluates the major risks we face, identifies "owners" for each risk, and 
ensures that risk mitigation plans are in place and are being followed. 
Our Risk Management function identifies and assesses potential operational hazards and safety and security risks, and facilitates ongoing 
communication about those risks with the Risk Committee and our executive leaders. 
Our Internal Audit Department evaluates the ongoing effectiveness of our key internal controls through periodic audit and review procedures, in 
coordination with our external auditors. 
The Chief Compliance Officer in our legal department helps ensure that all of our employees' actions globally comply with all internal policies and 
applicable laws. 
Market Risks 
We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in foreign exchange rates, commodity prices affecting the cost of our raw materials and 
energy, and interest rates. We try to manage risk responsibly through a variety of strategies, including production initiatives and hedging. Our foreign 
currency hedging contracts are subject to exchange rate changes, our commodity forward purchase contracts are subject to commodity price changes, and 
some of our debt obligations are subject to interest rate changes. Below, we discuss these exposures and provide a sensitivity analysis as to how these 
changes could affect our results of operations. See Notes 6 and 8 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for details. 
See Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for details on our grape and agave purchase obligations, which are exposed to commodity price 
risk, and "Critical Accounting Estimates" in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for a 
discussion of our pension and other postretirement plans' exposure to interest rate risks. Also see "Item IA. Risk Factors" for details on how economic 
conditions affecting market risks also affect the demand for and pricing of our products and how we are affected by exchange rate fluctuations. 
Foreign Exchange. The more we expand our business outside the United States, the more our financial results will be exposed to exchange rate 
fluctuations. This exposure includes sales of our products in currencies other than the dollar and the cost of goods, services, and manpower we purchase in 
currencies other than the dollar. Because we sell more in local currencies than we purchase, we have a net exposure to changes in the dollar's value. To buffer 
these exchange rate fluctuations, we regularly hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure. But over the long tenn, our reported financial results will 
generally be negatively affected by a stronger dollar and positively affected by a weaker dollar. 
We estimate that our foreign currency revenue for our largest exposures will exceed our foreign currency expenses by approximately $650 million in 
fiscal 2017. Foreign exchange rates also affect the carrying value ofour foreign-currency-denominated assets and liabilities. 
We routinely use foreign currency forward and option contracts to hedge a portion of our transactional foreign exchange risk and, in some 
circumstances, our net asset exposure. If these contracts remain effective, we will not recognize any unrealized gains or losses until we either recognize the 
underlying hedged transactions in earnings or convert the underlying hedged net asset 
44 


exposures. At April 30, 2016, our total foreign currency hedges had a notional value of$ l ,265 million, with a maximum term outstanding of 36 months, and 
were recorded as a net asset at their fuir value ofof$9 million. 
As of April 30, 2016, we hedged approximately 75% of our total transactional exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations in fiscal 2017 for our major 
currencies by entering into foreign currency forward contracts. Considering these hedges, we estimate that a I 0% increase/decrease in the average value of 
the dollar in fiscal 2017 relative to fiscal 20l6's effective exchange rates for our significant currency exposures would decrease/increase our fiscal 2017 
operating income by approximately $18 million. 
Commodity Prices. Commodity prices are affected by weather, supply and demand, as well as geopolitical and economic variables. To reduce price 
volatility, we use deliverable contracts for com (in which we take physical delivery of the com underlying each contract) rather than futures contracts or 
options. 
Interest Rates. Our cash and cash equivalents ($263 million as of April 30, 2016) and variable-rate debt ($271 million as of April 30, 2016) are exposed 
to the risk of interest rate changes. Based on the net balance of these items as of April 30, 2016, a 1% increase in interest rates would result in a negligible 
increase in net interest expense. 
45 


Item 8. Fi11ancial Statements and S11pplementary Data 
Table of Contents 
Reports of Management 
Repo,t of Independent Registered Public Accounting Fim1 
Consolidated Statements ofOpemtions 
Consoljdatcd Statements ofComprchensive Income 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
Consoljdatcd Statements of Cash Flows 
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders· Equity 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) 
46 
£m 
47 
48 
49 
50 
n 
52 
.ll 
54 
74 


REPORTS OF MANAGEMENT 
MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Our management is responsible .for the preparation, presentation, and integrity of the financial information presented in this report. The consolidated 
financial statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, including amounts based on 
management's best estimates and judgments. In management's opinion, the consolidated financial statements fairly present the Company's financial 
position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, comprising only independent directors, meets regularly with our external auditors, the independent 
registered public accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), with our internal auditors, and with representatives of management to review 
accounting, internal control structure, and financial reporting matters. Our internal auditors and PwC have full, free access to the Audit Committee. As set 
forth in our Code of Conduct and Compliance Guidelines, we are firmly committed to adhering to the highest standards of moral and ethical behaviors in our 
business activities. 
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
Management is also responsible for establishing ancl maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule J 3a-l 5(f) under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
As of the end of our fiscal year, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 
framework and criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 30, 2016. PwC has 
audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2016, as stated in their report. 
Dated: 
June 15,2016 
By: 
/s/ Paul C. Varga 
Paul C. Varga 
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman oft he Company 
By: 
/s/ Jane C. Morreau 
Jane C. Morreau 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
47 


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
ofBrown-Fonnan Corporation: 
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash 
flows, and stockholders' equity present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Brown-Fonnan Corporation and its subsidiaries (the 
"Company") at April 30, 2016, and April 30, 20 I 5, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 
April 30, 20 I 6, in confonnity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial 
statement schedule listed in Item 
I 5(a)(2) presents fairly, in all material respects, the infonnation set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. 
Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 20 I 6, based on 
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 
(COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control 
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying "Management's 
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting." Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement 
schedule, and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the 
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perfonn the audits to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting 
was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and 
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall 
financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial 
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk. Our audits also included perfonning such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide 
a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
As discussed in Note I to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it classifies deferred taxes in 2016. 
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's 
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that {i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as 
necessary to pennit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the 
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance 
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the 
financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree 
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Isl PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Louisville, KY 
June 15, 2016 
48 


Year End•!! Al!ril JO, 
Net sales 
Excise taxes 
Cost of sales 
Gross profit 
Advertising expenses 
Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
Gain on sale of business 
Other expense (income), net 
Operating income 
Interest income 
Interest expense 
Income before income taxes 
Income taxes 
Net income 
Earnings per share: 
Basic 
Diluted 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
2014 
$ 
3,946 
955 
913 
2,078 
436 
686 
(15) 
971 
2 
26 
947 
288 
$ 
659 
$ 
3.08 
$ 
3.06 
2015 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
49 
2016 
4,096 
$ 
4,01 I 
962 
922 
951 
945 
2,183 
2,[44 
437 
417 
697 
688 
(485) 
22 
(9) 
1,027 
1,533 
2 
2 
27 
46 
1,002 
1,489 
318 
422 
684 
$ 
1,067 
3.23 
$ 
5.26 
3.21 
$ 
5.22 


BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
(Dollars in millions) 
year £oded April JO 
Net income 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
Currency translation adjustments 
Cash flow hedge adjustments 
Postretirement benefits adjustments 
Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
Comprehensive income 
2014 
$ 
$ 
659 
$ 
(4) 
(4) 
31 
23 
682 
$ 
The accompanying nules are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
so 
2015 
2016 
684 
$ 
1,067 
(114) 
(23) 
32 
(17) 
(30} 
(10) 
(112) 
(SO) 
572 
$ 
1,017 


Aru:iLll!,. 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
CON SOLID A TED BALANCE SHEETS 
(Dollars in millions) 
ASSETS 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of$10 in 2015 and $9 in 2016 
Inventories: 
Barreled whiskey 
Finished goods 
Work in process 
Raw materials and supplies 
Total inventories 
Current deferred tax assets 
Other current assets 
Total current assets 
Property, plant, and equipment, net 
Goodwill 
Other intangible assets 
Deferred tax assets 
Other assets 
Total assets 
LlABILlTIES 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
Accrued income taxes 
Current deferred tax liabilities 
Short-term borrowings 
Current portion of long-term debt 
Total current liabilities 
Long-term debt 
Deferred tax liabilities 
Accrued pension and other postrerirement benefits 
Other liabilities 
Total liabilities 
Cornmiancnts and contingencies 
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
Common stock: 
Class A, voting, $0.15 par value (85,000,000 shares authorized; 85,000,000 shares issued) 
Class B, nonvoting, $0.15 par value (400,000,000 shares authorized; 142,313,000 shares issued) 
Additional paid-in capital 
Retained earnings 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
Treasury stock, at cost (18,613,000 ~d 29,571,000 shares in 2015 and 2016, respectively) 
Total stockholders' equity 
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
$ 
$ 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
51 
2015 
2016 
370 
$ 
263 
583 
559 
571 
666 
200 
187 
121 
I 16 
61 
85 
953 
1,054 
16 
332 
357 
2,254 
2,233 
586 
629 
607 
590 
611 
595 
18 
17 
112 
119 
4,188 
$ 
4,183 
497 
$ 
501 
12 
19 
9 
190 
271 
250 
958 
791 
743 
1,230 
107 
IOI 
311 
353 
164 
146 
2,283 
2,621 
13 
13 
21 
21 
99 
114 
3,300 
4,065 
(300) 
(350) 
(1,228) 
(2,301) 
1,905 
1,562 
4,188 
$ 
4,183 


BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(Dollars in millions) 
}'.tac Eodtd ARtil JO 
2014 
2015 
2016 
Cash flows from operating activities: 
Net income 
$ 
659 
$ 
684 
$ 
1,067 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations: 
Gain on sale of business 
(485) 
Depreciation and amortization 
50 
51 
56 
Stock-based compensation expense 
13 
15 
15 
Deferred income taxes 
(5) 
6 
10 
Other, net 
9 
2 
Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding the effects of sale of business: 
Accounts receivable 
(34) 
(50) 
8 
Inventories 
(67) 
(102) 
(127) 
Other current assets 
(43) 
(30) 
(57) 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
31 
64 
29 
Accrued income taxes 
60 
(58) 
7 
Noncurrent assets and liabilities 
(16) 
19 
{I) 
Cash provided by operating activities 
649 
608 
524 
Cash flows from investing activities: 
Proceeds from sale of business 
543 
Additions to property, plant, and equipment 
(126) 
(120) 
(108) 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment 
2 
Acquisition of brand names and trademarks 
{I) 
(4) 
Computer software expenditures 
(2) 
{I) 
(2) 
Cash provided by {used for) investing activities 
(127) 
(125) 
433 
Cash flows from financing activities: 
Net change in short-term borrowings 
5 
183 
80 
Repayment oflong-term debt 
(2) 
(250) 
Proceeds from long-term debt 
490 
Debt issuance costs 
(5) 
Net payments related to exercise of stock-based awards 
(19) 
(14) 
(I 7) 
Excess tax benefits from stock-based awards 
10 
18 
15 
Acquisition of treasury stock 
(49) 
(462) 
(1,107) 
Dividends paid 
(233) 
(256) 
(266) 
Cash used for financing activities 
(288) 
(531) 
(1,060) 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
(1) 
(19) 
(4) 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
233 
(67) 
(I 07) 
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
204 
437 
370 
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
$ 
437 
$ 
370 
$ 
263 
Supplemental disclosure of cash paid for: 
Interest 
$ 
28 
$ 
27 
$ 
41 
Income taxes 
$ 
281 
$ 
375 
$ 
430 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
52 


BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
Year Ended Amil JO 
2014 
Class A common stock: 
Balance at beginning and end of year 
$ 
13 
$ 
Class B common stock: 
Balance at beginning and end of year 
21 
Additional paid-in capital: 
Balance at beginning of year 
71 
Stock-based compensation expense 
13 
Loss on issuance of treasury stock issued under compensation plans 
(13) 
Excess tax benefits from stock-based awards 
10 
Balance at end of year 
81 
Retained earnings: 
Balance at beginning of year 
2,500 
Net income 
659 
Cash dividends ($1.09, $1.21, and $1.31 per share in 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively) 
(233) 
Loss on issuance of treasury stock issued under compensation plans 
(32) 
Balance at end of year 
2,894 
Accwnulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
Balance at beginning of year 
(211) 
Net other comprehensive income (loss} 
23 
Balance at end of year 
(188} 
Treasury stock, at cost 
Balance at beginning of year 
(766) 
Acquisition of treasury stock 
(49) 
Stock issued under compensation plans 
26 
Balance at end of year 
(789) 
Total stockholders' equity 
$ 
2,032 
$ 
Class A common shares outstanding (in thousands): 
Balance at beginning of year 
84,446 
Acquisition of treasury stock 
(46) 
Stock issued under compensation plans 
62 
Balance at end of year 
84,462 
Class B common shares outstanding (in thousands): 
Balance at beginning of year 
129,261 
Acquisition of treasury stock 
(661) 
Stock issued under compensation plans 
393 
Balance at end of year 
128,993 
Total common shares outstanding {in thousands) 
213,455 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
53 
201S 
2016 
13 
$ 
13 
21 
21 
81 
99 
15 
15 
(15) 
(15) 
18 
15 
99 
114 
2,894 
3,300 
684 
1,067 
(256) 
(266) 
(22) 
(36) 
3,300 
4,065 
(188) 
(300) 
(112) 
(50) 
(300) 
(350) 
(789) 
(1,228) 
(462) 
{1,107) 
23 
34 
(1,228) 
(2,301) 
1,905 
$ 
1,562 
84,462 
84,463 
(85) 
(57) 
86 
124 
84,463 
84,530 
128,993 
124,237 
{5,034) 
(11,357) 
278 
332 
124,237 
113,212 
208,700 
197,742 


l. ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
{Dollars in millions, except per share data) 
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in confonnity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). We also 
apply the following accounting policies when preparing our consolidated financial statements: 
Principles of co11solidation. Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial 
interest. We eliminate all intercompany transactions. 
Estimates. To prepare financial statements that conform with GAAP, our management must make informed estimates that affect how we report revenues, 
expenses, assets, and liabilities, including contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could (and probably will} differ from these estimates. 
Cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include bank demand deposits and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. 
Allowance for doubrful accounts. We evaluate the collectability of accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. When we are aware of 
circumstances that may impair a specific customer's ability to meet its financial obligations, we record a specific allowance to reduce the net recognized 
receivable to the amount we believe will be collected. We write off the uncollectable amount against the allowance when we have exhausted our collection 
efforts. 
Inventories. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market value. Approximately 59% of our consolidated inventories are valued using the last-
in, first-out (LIFO) cost method, which we use for the majority of our U.S. inventories. We value the remainder of our inventories primarily using the first-in, 
first-out (FIFO) cost method. FIFO cost approximates current replacement cost. If we had used the FIFO method for all inventories, they would have been 
$234 and $248 higher than reported at April 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 
Because we age most ofour whiskeys in barrels for three to six years, we bottle and sell only a portion of our whiskey inventory each year. Following 
industry practice, we classify all barreled whiskey as a current asset. We include warehousing, insurance, ad valorem taxes, and other carrying charges 
applicable to barreled whiskey in inventory costs. 
We classify bulk wine, agave inventories, tequila, and liquid in bottling tanks as work in process. 
Property, plant, and equipment. We state property, plant, and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation. We calculate depreciation on a straight-
line basis using our estimates of useful life, which are 20-40 years for buildings and improvements; 3-10 years for machinery, equipment, vehicles, furniture, 
and fixtures; and 3-7 years for capitalized software. 
We assess our property, plant, and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those 
assets may not be recoverable. When we do not expect to recover the carrying value ofan asset (or asset group) through undiscounted future cash flows, we 
write it down to its estimated fair value. We determine fair value using discounted estimated future cash flows, considering market values for similar assets 
when available. 
When we retire or dispose of property, plant, and equipment, we remove its cost and accumulated depreciation from our balance sheet and reflect any 
gain or loss in operating income. We expense the costs of repairing and maintaining our property, plant, and equipment as we incur them. 
Goodwill and other intangible assets. We have obtained most of our brands by acquiring other companies. When we acquire another company, we first 
allocate the purchase price to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible brand names and trademarks ("brand names"), based on estimated fair 
value. We then record any remaining purchase price as goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives. We consider all 
of our brand names to have indefinite lives. 
We assess our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for irnpainnent at least annually. If an asset's fair value is less than its book value, 
we write it down to its estimated fair value. For goodwill, if the book value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we measure for potential 
impairment by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill, detennined in the same manner as in a business combination, to the 
goodwill's book value. We estimate the reporting unit's fair value using discounted estimated future cash flows or market information. We typically estimate 
the fair value of a brand name using the "relief from royalty" method. We also consider market values for similar assets when available. Considerable 
management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value, including the selection of assumptions about future cash flows, discount rates, and royalty rates. 
54 


We have the option, before quantifying the fair value of a reporting unit or brand name, to evaluate qualitative factors to assess whether it is more likely 
than not that our goodwill or brand names are impaired. If we determine that is not the case, then we are not required to quantify the fair value. That 
assessment also takes considerable management judgment. 
Foreign currency transactions and translation. We report all gains and losses from foreign currency transactions (those denominated in a currency 
other than the entity's functional currency) in current income. The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for most of our consolidated entities. The local 
currency is the functional currency for some of our consolidated foreign entities. We translate the financial statements of those foreign entities into U.S. 
dollars, using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date to translate assets and liabilities, and using the average exchange rate for the reporting 
period to translate translate income and expenses. We record the resulting translation adjustments in other comprehensive income (loss). 
Revenue recognition. We recognize revenue when title and risk of loss pass to the customer, typically when the product is shipped. Some sales 
contracts contain customer acceptance provisions that grant a right of return on the basis of either subjective or objective criteria. We record revenue net of 
estimated sales returns, allowances, and discounts. 
Excise taxes. Our sales are often subject to excise taxes that we collect from our customers and remit to governmental authorities. We present these taxes 
on a gross hnsis (included in net sales and costs before gross profit) in the consolidated statement of operations. 
Cost of sales. Cost of sales includes the costs of receiving, producing, inspecting, warehousing, insuring, and shipping goods sold during the period. 
Shipping and handling fees and costs. We report the amounts we bill to our customers for shipping and handling as net sales, and we report the costs 
we incur for shipping and handling as cost of sales. 
Advertising costs. We expense the costs of advertising during the year when the advertisements first take place. 
Selling, general, and administrative expenses. Selling, general, and administrative expenses include the costs associated with our sales force, 
administrative staff and facilities, and other expenses related to our non-manufacturing functions. 
Income taxes. We base our annual provision for income taxes on the pre-tax income reflected in our consolidated statement of operations. We establish 
deferred tax liabilities or assets for temporary differences between GAAP and tax reporting bases and later adjust them to reflect changes in tax rates expected 
to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. We record a valuation allowance as necessary to reduce a deferred tax asset to the amount that we 
believe is more likely than not to be realized. We do not provide deferred income taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that we expect to 
permanently reinvest. We record a deferred tax charge in prepaid taxes for the difference between GAAP and tax reporting bases with respect to the 
elimination ofintercompany profit in ending inventory. 
We assess our uncertain income tax positions using a two-step process. First, we evaluate whether the tax position will more likely than not, based on 
its technical merits, be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation. For a tax position that does not meet this first 
criterion, we recognize no tax benefit. For a tax position that does meet the first criterion, we recognize a tax benefit in an amount equal to the largest amount 
of benefit that we believe has more than a 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. We record interest and penalties on uncertain tax 
positions as income tax expense. 
Recent accounting pronouncements. In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued new guidance on the recognition of 
revenue from contracts with customers. As issued, the new guidance would have become effective for us beginning fiscal 20 I 8. However, the FASB has since 
deferred the effective date until our fiscal 2019, though permitting voluntary adoption as of the original effective date. The FASB has also issued various 
amendments and proposed further amendments to the new guidance. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the new guidance (as amended) and 
the proposed amendments on our financial statements. 
In April 2015, F ASB issued new guidance for the presentation of debt issuance costs, which we adopted during the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Under the 
new guidance, debt issuance costs are presented as a direct deduction from the debt liability rather than as an asset. In adopting the new guidance, we 
retrospectively adjusted our balance sheet as of April 30, 2015. As a result, the carrying amounts of other assets (noncurrent) and long-term debt have 
decreased by $5 million from the amounts previously reported as of that date. 
In November 2015, the FASB issued new guidance that requires all deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities to be presented as noncurrent on our 
balance sheet. We adopted this new guidance prospectively as of April 30, 2016. Accordingly, prior period balances have not been adjusted. 
55 


In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on accounting for leases. The new guidance will become effective for us beginning fiscal 2020, 
although voluntary adoption during an earlier period will be permitted. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the new guidance on our 
financial statements. 
In March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to certain aspects of the accounting for stock-based compensation, including the income tax 
consequences. Under the new guidance, all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies will be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in our consolidated 
statement of operations, and excess tax benefits will be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity in our consolidated 
statement of cash flows. The new guidance will become effective for us beginning fiscal 2018, although early adoption is permitted. We currently expect to 
adopt the new guidance during fiscal 2017. 
2. BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION 
Supplemental information on our year-end balance sheets is as follows: 
April 30 
Other current assets: 
Prepaid taxes 
Other 
Property, plant, and equipment: 
Land 
Buildings 
Equipment 
Construction in process 
Less accumulated depreciation 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses: 
Accounts payable, trade 
Accrued expenses: 
Advertising and promotion 
Compensation and commissions 
Excise and other non-income taxes 
Other 
Other liabilities: 
Deferred benefit - tax (Note 11) 
Other 
3. GOODWILL A."11> OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
2015 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
181 
$ 
151 
332 
$ 
72 
$ 
419 
561 
88 
1,140 
554 
586 
$ 
2016 
208 
149 
357 
76 
468 
619 
54 
1,217 
588 
629 
-------
123 
$ 
128 
110 
59 
77 
374 
497 
$ 
121 
133 
105 
58 
84 
380 
501 
-~-----
75 
$ 
89 
164 
$ 
59 
87 
146 
--------
The following table shows the changes in the amounts recorded as goodwill (which include no accumulated impairment losses) over the past two 
years: 
Balance as of April 30, 2014 
Foreign currency translation adjustment 
Balance as of April 30, 2015 
Sale ofbusiness (Note 15) 
Foreign currency translation adjustment 
Balance as of April 30, 2016 
56 
$ 
$ 
620 
(I 3) 
607 
(16) 
(I) 
590 


As of April 30, 20 I 5 and 2016, our other intangible assets consisted of trademarks and brand names, all with indefinite useful lives. 
4. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
Commitments. We made rental payments for real estate, vehicles, and office, computer, and manufacturing equipment under operating leases of $24, 
$23, and $23 during 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively. We have commitments related to minimum lease payments of$ l 8 in 2017, $10 in 2018, $8 in 2019, 
$5 in 2020, $2 in 2021, and $3 after 2021. 
We have contracted with various growers and wineries to supply some ofour future grape and bulk wine requirements. Many of these contracts call for 
prices to be adjusted annually up or down, according to market conditions. Some contracts set a fixed purchase price that might be higher or lower than 
prevailing market prices. We have total purchase obligations related to both types of contracts of$10 in 2017, $4 in 2018, $3 in 2019, $1 in 2020, $1 in 
2021, and $ I after 2021. 
We also have contracts for the purchase of agave, which is used to produce tequila. These contracts provide forprices to be determined based on market 
conditions at the time of harvest, which, although not specified, is expected to occur over the next 10 years. As of April 30, 2016, based on current market 
prices, obligations under these contracts total $2. 
Contingencies. We operate in a litigious environment, and we are sued in the normal course of business. Sometimes plaintiffs seek substantial damages. 
Significant judgment is required in predicting the outcome of these suits and claims, many of which take years to adjudicate. We accrue estimated costs for a 
contingency when we believe that a loss is probable and we can make a reasonable estimate of the loss, and then adjust the accrual as appropriate to reflect 
changes in facts and circumstances. We do not believe it is reasonably possible that these loss contingencies, individually or in the aggregate, would have a 
material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. No material accrued loss contingencies are recorded as of April 30, 2016. 
Guaranty. We have guaranteed the repayment by a third-party importer of its obligation under a bank credit facility that it uses in connection with its 
importation of our products in Russia. If the importer were to default on that obligation, which we believe is unlikely, our maximum possible exposure under 
the existing terms of the guaranty would be approximately $22 (subject to changes in foreign currency exchange rates). Both the fair value and carrying 
amount of the guaranty are insignificant. 
As of April 30, 2016, our actual exposure under the guaranty of the importer's obligation is approximately $17. We also have accounts receivable from 
that importer of approximately $9 at that date, which we expect to collect in full. 
Based on the financial support we provide to the importer, we believe it meets the definition ofa variable interest entity. However, because we do not 
control this entity, it is not included in our consolidated financial statements. 
57 


S. DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES 
Our long-tenn debt (net ofunamortized discounts and issuance costs) consisted of: 
Aill:iill. 
2015 
2016 
2.50% senior notes, $250 principal amount, due in fiscal 2016 
$ 
250 
$ 
1.00% senior notes, $250 principal amount, due in fiscal 2018 
248 
249 
2.25% senior notes, $250 principal amount, due in fiscal 2023 
247 
248 
3. 75% senior notes, $250 principal amount, due in fiscal 2043 
248 
248 
4.50% senior notes, $500 principal amount, due in fiscal 2046 
485 
993 
1,230 
Less current portion 
250 
$ 
743 
$ 
1,230 
Debt payments required over the next five fiscal years consist of$0 in 2017, $250 in 2018, $0 in 2019, $0 in 2020, $0 in 2021, and $1,000 after 2021. 
The senior notes contain tenns and covenants customary of these types of unsecured securities, including limitations on the amount of secured debt we 
can issue. 
We issued senior, unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of $500 in June 2015. Interest on the notes will accrue at a rate of 4.50% and be 
paid semi-annually. As of April 30, 2016, the carrying amount of the notes was $485 ($500 principal, less unamortized discounts of$ IO and issuance costs of 
$5). The notes are due on July 15, 2045. 
We repaid our $250 of 2.50% notes on their maturity date of January 15, 2016. 
As of April 30, 20 I 5, our short-tenn borrowings of$ I 90 included$ I 83 of commercial paper, with an average interest rate of 0.17%, and an average 
remaining maturity of 13 days. As of April 30, 2016, our short-tenn borrowings of$27 I included $269 of commercial paper, with an average interest rate of 
0.53%, and an average remaining maturity of26 days. 
We have a committed revolving credit agreement with various U.S. and international banks for $800 that expires in November 2018. Its most restrictive 
quantitative covenant requires that the ratio of our consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the agreement) to consolidated interest expense not be less than 3 to 
I. At April 30, 2016, with a ratio of24 to I, we were well within this covenant's parameters and had no borrowing outstanding under this facility. We recently 
entered into a $400 364-day credit facility agreement that matures on May 5, 2017, for additional liquidity. This credit facility has no quantitative 
covenants. 
6. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous 
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We categorize the fair values of assets and 
liabilities into three levels based upon the assumptions (inputs) used to detennine those values. Level I provides the most reliable measure of fair value, 
while Level 3 generally requires significant management judgment. The three levels are: 
Level I -Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
Level 2 - Observable inputs other than those included in Level I, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted 
prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be derived from or corroborated 
by observable market data. 
Level 3 - Unobservable inputs supported by little orno market activity. 
58 


The following table summarizes the assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 
April 30, 2015: 
Assets: 
Currency derivatives 
Liabilities: 
Currency derivatives 
Short-term borrowings 
Current portion oflong-term debt 
Long-term debt 
April 30, 2016: 
Assets: 
Currency derivatives 
Liabilities: 
Currency derivatives 
Short-term borrowings 
Long-term debt 
Level I 
Level 2 
$ 
$ 
59 
18 
190 
253 
735 
19 
10 
271 
1,293 
Level 3 
Total 
$ 
$ 
59 
18 
190 
253 
735 
1\1 
10 
271 
1,293 
We determine the fair values of our currency derivatives {forwards contracts) using standard valuation models. The significant inputs used in these 
models, which are readily available in public markets or can be derived from observable market transactions, include the applicable exchange rates, forward 
rates, and discount rates. The discount rates are based on the historical U.S. Treasury rates. 
The fair value of short-term borrowings approximates their carrying value. We determine the fair value oflong-term debt primarily based on the prices at 
which similar debt has recently traded in the market and also considering the overall market conditions on the date of valuation. 
We measure some assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. That is, we do not measure them at fair value on an ongoing basis, but we 
do adjust them to fair value in some circumstances (for example, when we determine that an asset is impaired). No material nonrecurring fair value 
measurements were required during the periods presented in these financial statements. 
7. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
The fair values of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term borrowings approximate the carrying amounts due to the short maturities of these instruments. 
We determine the fair values of currency derivatives and long-term debt as discussed in Note 6. 
Below is a comparison of the fair values and carrying amounts of these instruments: 
.t.\J!til.1J!,. 
Assets: 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Currency derivatives 
Liabilities: 
Currency derivatives 
Short-term borrowings 
Current portion oflong-term debt 
Long-term debt 
8. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
$ 
201S 
Carrying 
Amount 
370 
$ 
59 
18 
190 
250 
743 
Fair 
Value 
2016 
Carrying 
Fair 
Amount 
Value 
370 
$ 
263 
$ 
263 
59 
19 
19 
18 
10 
10 
190 
271 
271 
253 
735 
1,230 
1,293 
Our multinational business exposes us to global market risks, including the effect of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and 
interest rates. We use derivatives to help manage financial exposures that occur in the normal course of 
59 


business. We fonnally document the purpose of each derivative contract, which includes linking the contract to the financial eKposure it is designed to 
mitigate. We do not hold or issue derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
We use currency derivative contracts to limit our ellposure to the currency eKchange risk that we cannot mitigate internally by using netting strategies. 
We designate most of these contracts as cash flow hedges offorecasted transactions (eKpected to occur within three years). We record all changes in the fair 
value of cash flow hedges {eKcept any ineffective portion) in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCO until the underlying hedged transaction 
occurs, at which time we reclassify that amount into earnings. We assess the effectiveness of these hedges based on changes in forward ellchange rates. The 
ineffective portion of the changes in fair value of our hedges (recognized immediately in earnings) during the periods presented in this report was not 
material. 
• 
We do not designate some of our currency derivatives as hedges because we use them to at least partially offset the immediate earnings impact of 
changes in foreign eKchange rates on eKisting assets or liabilities. We immediately recognize the change in fair value of these contracts in earnings. 
We had outstanding currency derivatives, related primarily to our euro, British pound, and Australian dollar eKposures, with notional amounts totaling 
$1,212 and $1,265 at April 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 
We use forward purchase contracts with suppliers to protect against com price volatility. We ellpect to physically take delivery of the com underlying 
each contract and use it for production over a reasonable period of time. Accordingly, we account for these contracts as nonnal purchases rather than 
derivative instruments. 
From time to time, we manage our interest rate risk with swap contracts. However, no such swaps were outstanding at April 30, 2015 or 2016. 
During May 20 I 5, we entered into interest rate derivative contracts (U.S. Treasury lock agreements) to manage the interest rate risk related to the 
anticipated issuance of filled-rate senior, unsecured notes. We designated the contracts as cash flow hedges of the future interest payments associated with the 
anticipated notes. Upon issuance of the notes in June 2015 (see Note 5), we settled the contracts for a gain of$&. The entire gain was recorded to AOCI and 
will be amortized as a reduction of interest eKpense over the life of the notes. 
The following table presents the pre-tax impact that changes in the fair value of our derivative instruments had on AOCI and earnings in 2015 and 
2016: 
Currency derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: 
Net gain (loss) recognized in AOCI 
Net gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings 
Interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: 
Net gain (loss) recognized in AOC! 
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 
Currency derivatives - net gain {loss) recognized in earnings 
Currency derivatives - net gain (loss) recognized in earnings 
Classification in 
Statement of Operations 
n/a 
Net sales 
n/a 
Net sales 
Other income 
2015 
$ 
96 
$ 
41 
26 
4 
2016 
22 
60 
8 
I 
(5) 
We eKpect to reclassify $13 of deferred net gains recorded in AOC! as of April 30, 2016, to earnings during fiscal 2017. This reclassification would 
offset the anticipated earnings impact of the underlying hedged eKposures. The actual amounts that we ultimately reclassify to earnings will depend on the 
ellchange rates in effect when the underlying hedged transactions occur. The maKimum term of outstanding derivative contracts was 36 months and 36 
months at April 30,2015 and 2016, respectively. 
60 


The following table presents the fair values of our derivative instruments as of April 30, 2015 and 2016: 
April 30, 2015: 
Designated as cash flow hedges: 
Currency derivatives 
Currency derivatives 
Currency derivatives 
Currency derivatives 
Not designated as hedges: 
Currency derivatives 
Currency derivatives 
April 30, 2016: 
Designated as cash flow hedges: 
Currency derivatives 
Currency derivatives 
Currency derivatives 
Currency derivatives 
Not designated as hedges: 
Currency derivatives 
Balance Sheet Classification 
Other current assets 
Other assets 
Accrued expenses 
Other liabilities 
Other current assets 
Accrued expenses 
Other current assets 
Other assets 
Accrued expenses 
Other liabilities 
Other current assets 
Fair Value of 
Derivatives In a 
Gaio Position 
42 
$ 
20 
23 
3 
4 
3 
Fair Value of 
Derivatives In a 
Loss Position 
(2) 
(3) 
(6) 
(6) 
(I) 
(7) 
(2) 
(2) 
(8) 
(9) 
(4) 
The fair values reflected in the above table are presented on a gross basis. However, as discussed further below, the fair values of those instruments 
subject to net settlement agreements are presented on a net basis in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
In our statement of cash flows, we classify cash flows related to cash flow hedges in the same category as the cash flows from the hedged items. 
Credit risk. We are exposed to credit-related losses if the counterparties to our derivative contracts default. This credit risk is limited to the fair value of 
the contracts. To manage this risk, we contract only with major financial institutions that have earned investment-grade credit ratings and with whom we have 
standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) agreements that allow for net settlement of the derivative contracts. Also, we have 
established counterparty credit guidelines that are regularly monitored and that provide for reports to senior management according to prescribed guidelines, 
and we monetize contracts when we believe it is warranted. Because of these safeguards, we believe we have no derivative positions that warrant credit 
valuation adjustments. 
Some of our derivative instruments require us to maintain a specific level of creditworthiness, which we have maintained. If our creditworthiness were 
to fall below that level, then the counterparties to our derivative instruments could request immediate payment or collateralization for derivative instruments 
in net liability positions. The aggregate fair value of all derivatives with creditworthiness requirements that were in a net liability position was $18 and $8 at 
April 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 
• 
Oflsetting. As noted above, our derivative contracts are governed by ISDAagreements that allow for net settlement of derivative contracts with the same 
counterparty. It is our policy to present the fair values of current derivatives (that is, those with a remaining term of 12 months or less) with the same 
counterparty on a net basis in the balance sheet. Similarly, we present the fair values of noncurrent derivatives with the same counterparty on a net basis. 
Current derivatives are not netted with noncurrent derivatives in the balance sheet. The following table summarizes the gross and net amounts of our 
derivative contracts: 
61 


Gross Amounts of 
Net Amounts 
Recognized Assets 
Gross Amounts Offset 
Presented in Balance 
(Liabilities\ 
in Balance 5heet 
fill££! 
April 30, 2015: 
Derivative assets 
$ 
65 
$ 
(6) 
$ 
59 
Derivative liabilities 
(24) 
6 
(18) 
April 30, 2016: 
Derivative assets 
34 
(15) 
19 
Derivative liabilities 
(25) 
15 
(10) 
No cash collateral was received or pledged related to our derivative contracts as of April 30, 2015 or 2016. 
9. PENSION AND OTHER POST RETIREMENT BENEFITS 
Gross Amounts Not 
Offset in Balance 
Sheet 
Net Am2unt~ 
$ 
$ 
59 
(18) 
(6) 
13 
6 
(4) 
We sponsor various defined benefit pension plans as well as postretirement plans providing retiree health care and retiree life insurance benefits. Below, 
we discuss our obligations related to these plans, the assets dedicated to meeting the obligations, and the amounts we recognized in our financial statements 
as a result of sponsoring these plans. 
Obligations. We provide eligible employees with pension and other postretirement benefits based on factors such as years of service and compensation 
level during employment. The pension obligation shown below ("projected benefit obligation") consists of: (a) benefits earned by employees to date based 
on current salary levels ("accumulated benefit obligation"); and (b) benefits to be received by employees as a result of expected future salary increases. (The 
obligation for medical and life insurance benefits is not affected by future salary increases.) The following table shows how the present value of our 
obligation changed during each of the last two years. 
Medical and Life 
Pension Benefits 
Insurance Benefits 
2015 
2016 
2015 
2016 
Obligation at beginning of year 
$ 
785 
$ 
887 
$ 
69 
$ 
57 
Service cost 
22 
26 
Interest cost 
34 
35 
3 
2 
Net actuarial loss (gain) 
91 
8 
3 
(I) 
Plan amendments 
(16) 
Retiree contributions 
I 
I 
Benefits paid 
(45) 
(58) 
(4) 
(4) 
Obligation at end of year 
$ 
887 
$ 
898 
$ 
57 
$ 
56 
Service cost represents the present value of the benefits attributed to service rendered by employees during the year. Interest cost is the increase in the 
present value of the obligation due to the passage of time. Net actuarial loss (gain) is the change in value of the obligation resulting from experience different 
from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption. (We discuss actuarial assumptions used at the end of this note.) Plan amendments may also 
change the value of the obligation. 
As shown in the previous table, the change in the value of our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations also includes the effect of benefit 
payments and retiree contributions. Expected benefit payments (net ofretiree contributions) over the next IO years are as follows: 
Medical and Life 
Pension Benefits 
Insurance Benefits 
2017 $ 
SI 
$ 
3 
2018 
52 
3 
2019 
53 
3 
2020 
54 
3 
2021 
56 
3 
2022-2026 
303 
18 
Assets. We invest in specific assets to fund our pension benefit obligations. Our investment goal is to earn a total return that, over time, will grow assets 
sufficiently to fund our plans' liabilities, after providing appropriate levels of contributions and accepting prudent levels of investment risk. To achieve this 
goal, plan assets are invested primarily in funds or portfolios of funds managed 
62 


by outside managers. Investment risk is managed by company policies that require diversification of asset classes, manager styles, and individual holdings. 
We measure and monitor investment risk through quarterly and annual perfonnance reviews, and through periodic asset/liability studies. 
Asset allocation is the most important method for achieving our investment goals and is based on our assessment of the plans' long-tenn return 
objectives and the appropriate balances needed for liquidity, stability, and diversification. As of April 30, 2016, our target asset allocation is a mix of 47% 
public equity investments, 35% fixed income investments, and 18% alternative investments. 
The following table shows the fair value of pension plan assets by category as of the end of the last two years. (Fair value levels are defined in Note 6.) 
April30,2015: 
Commingled trust funds 1: 
Equity funds 
Fixed income funds 
Real estate funds 
Short-tenn investments 
Total commingled trust funds 
Hedge funds2 
Private equityl 
Equity securities 
Total 
April 30, 2016: 
Commingled trust funds 1: 
Equity funds 
Fixed income funds 
Real estate funds 
Short-term investments 
Total commingled trust funds 
Hedge funds2 
Private equityl 
Equity securities 
Total 
Level I 
Level 2 
$ 
$ 
76 
$ 
76 
$ 
78 
78 
$ 
Level J 
Total 
248 
$ 
$ 
248 
185 
185 
20 
36 
56 
4 
4 
457 
36 
493 
31 
31 
26 
26 
76 
457 
$ 
93 
$ 
626 
-------
197 
$ 
$ 
197 
197 
197 
59 
59 
4 
4 
398 
59 
457 
30 
30 
29 
29 
78 
398 
$ 
I 18 
$ 
594 
-------
1Commingled trust fund valuations are based on the net asset value (NAY) of the funds as determined by the fund administrators and reviewed by us. NAY represents the 
underlying assets owned by the fund, minus liabilities and divided by the number of shares or units outstanding. 
2Hedge fund valuations are based primarily on the NAY of the funds as determined by fund administrators and reviewed by us. During our review, we determine whether it is 
necessary to adjust a valuation for inherent liquidity and redemption issues that may exist within a fund's underlying assets or fund unit values. 
3As of April 30, 2015 and 2016, consists only of limited partnership interests, which are valued at the percentage ownership of total partnership equity as determined by the general 
partner. These valuations require significant judgment due to the absence of quoted market prices, the inherent lack of liquidity, and the Jong-term nature of these investments. 
63 


The following table shows how the fair value of the Level 3 assets changed during each of the last two years. There were no transfers of assets between 
Level 3 and either of the other two levels. 
Real Estate 
Hedge 
Private 
Funds 
Funds 
Equity 
Total 
Balance as of April 30, 2014 
$ 
32 
$ 
30 
$ 
25 
$ 
87 
Return on assets held at end of year 
4 
6 
Purchases and settlements 
4 
4 
Sales and settlements 
(4) 
(4) 
Balance as of April 30, 2015 
36 
31 
26 
93 
Return on assets held at end of year 
4 
(I) 
4 
Purchases and settlements 
19 
5 
24 
Sales and settlements 
(3) 
(3) 
Balance as of April 30, 2016 
$ 
59 
$ 
30 
$ 
29 
$ 
118 
The following table shows how the total fair value of all pension plan assets changed during each of the last two years. (We do not have assets set aside 
for postretirement medical or life insurance benefits.) 
Medical and Life 
Pension Benefits 
Insurance Benefits 
2015 
2016 
2015 
2016 
Assets at beginning of year 
$ 
605 
$ 
626 
$ 
$ 
Actual return on assets 
52 
2 
Retiree contributions 
I 
Company contributions 
14 
24 
3 
3 
Benefits paid 
(45) 
(58) 
(4) 
(4) 
Assets at end of year 
$ 
626 
$ 
594 
$ 
$ 
We currently expect to contribute $30 to our pension plans and $3 to our postretirement medical and life insurance benefit plans during 20 I 7. 
Funded status. The funded status ofa plan refers to the difference between its assets and its obligations. The following table shows the funded status of 
our plans. 
Medical and Life 
Pension Benefits 
Insurance Benefits 
Al!!:ll.1.!!. 
2015 
2016 
2015 
2016 
Assets 
$ 
626 
$ 
594 
$ 
$ 
Obligations 
(887) 
(898) 
(57) 
(56) 
Funded status 
$ 
(261) 
$ 
(304) 
$ 
(57) 
$ 
(56) 
The funded status reflected above includes obligations attributable to our non-qualified Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan that is not funded 
with those plan assets presented above. However, we have set aside investments in CO!Jlorate-<>wned life insurance policies to cover these obligations. The 
value of those investments, which are included in "other assets" on the accompanying balance sheets, is $48 and $64 as of April 30, 2015 and 2016, 
respectively. 
64 


The funded status is recorded on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as follows: 
Medical and Lire 
Pension Benefits 
Insurance Benefits 
Al!!:iUJ!. 
2015 
2016 
2015 
2016 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
(4) 
(4) 
(3) 
(3) 
Accrued postretirement benefits 
(257) 
(300) 
(54) 
(53) 
Net liability 
$ 
(261) 
$ 
(304) 
$ 
(57) 
$ 
(56) 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: 
Net actuarial gain (loss) 
$ 
(353) 
$ 
(372) 
$ 
(16) 
$ 
(13) 
Prior seivice credit (cost) 
(4) 
(4) 
18 
15 
$ 
(357) 
$ 
(376) 
$ 
2 
$ 
2 
The following tabl~ compares our pension plans whose assets exceed their accumulated benefit obligations with those whose obligations exceed their 
assets. (As discussed above, we have no assets set aside for postretirement medical or life insurance benefits.) 
Accumulated 
Projected 
Plan Assets 
Benefit Obligation 
Benefit Obligation 
Al!!:iUJ!. 
2015 
2016 
2015 
2016 
2015 
2016 
Plans with assets in excess of accumulated benefit 
obligation 
$ 
53 
$ 
$ 
50 
$ 
$ 
52 
$ 
Plans with accumulated benefit obligation in excess 
of assets 
573 
594 
710 
776 
835 
898 
Total 
$ 
626 
$ 
594 
$ 
760 
$ 
776 
$ 
887 
$ 
898 
------
Pension expense. The following table shows the components of the pension expense recognized during each of the last three years. The amount for 
each year includes amortization of the prior seivice cost/credit and net actuarial loss/gain included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of the 
beginning of the year. 
Pension Benefits 
2014 
2015 
2016 
Seivice cost 
$ 
21 
$ 
22 
$ 
26 
Interest cost 
31 
34 
35 
Expected return on assets 
(40) 
(41) 
(40) 
Amortization of: 
Prior seivice cost (credit) 
I 
Net actuarial loss (gain) 
31 
22 
27 
Net expense 
$ 
44 
$ 
38 
$ 
49 
The prior seivice cost/credit, which represents the effect of plan amendments on benefit obligations, is amortized on a straight-line basis over the 
average remaining seivice period of the employees expected to receive the benefits. The net actuarial loss/gain results from experience different from that 
assumed or from a change in actuarial assumptions (including the difference between actual and expected return on plan assets), and is amortized over at least 
that same period. The estimated amount of prior seivice cost and net actuarial loss that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into 
pension expense in 2017 is $1 and $25, respectively. 
65 


Other postretirement benefit expense. The following table shows the components of the postretirement medical and life insurance benefit expense that 
we recognized during each of the last three years. 
Medical and Life Insurance Benefits 
2014 
2015 
2016 
Service cost 
$ 
2 
$ 
I 
$ 
Interest cost 
3 
3 
2 
Amortization of: 
Prior service cost (credit) 
(2) 
(2) 
Net actuarial loss (gain) 
Net expense 
$ 
5 
$ 
3 
$ 
2 
The estimated amount of prior service credit and net actuarial loss that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into 
postretirement medical and life insurance benefit expense in 2017 is $3 and $1, respectively. 
Other comprehensive income (loss). Prior service cost/credit and net actuarial loss/gain are recognized in other comprehensive income or loss (OCD 
during the period in which they arise. These amounts are later amortized from accumulated OCI into pension and other postretirement benefit expense over 
future periods as described above. The following table shows the pre-tax effect of these amounts on OCI during each of the last three years. 
l\ledical and Life 
Pension Benefits 
Insurance Benefits 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2014 
2015 
2016 
Prior service credit (cost) 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
10 
$ 
16 
$ 
Net actuarial gain (loss) 
9 
(80) 
(46) 
(3) 
(3) 
Amortization reclassified to earnings: 
Prior service cost (credit) 
1 
1 
(2) 
(2) 
Net actuarial loss (gain) 
31 
22 
27 
Net amount recognized in OCI 
$ 
41 
$ 
(57) 
$ 
(18) 
$ 
7 
$ 
12 
$ 
Assumptions and sensitivity. We use various assumptions to determine the obligations and expense related to our pension and other postretirement 
benefit plans. The weighted-average assumptions used in computing benefit plan obligations as of the end of the last two years were as follows: 
2015 
Discount rate 
Rate of salary increase 
Pension Benefits 
4.09% 
4.00% 
2016 
4.02% 
4.00% 
2015 
Medical and Life 
Insurance Benefits 
4.09% 
n/a 
The weighted-average assumptions used in computing benefit plan expense during each of the last three years were as follows: 
Medical and Life 
Pension Benefits 
Insurance Benefits 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2014 
2015 
Discount rate 
4.08% 
4.46% 
4.09% 
4.36% 
4.67% 
Rate of salary increase 
4.00% 
4.00% 
4.00% 
n/a 
n/a 
Expected return on plan assets 
7.50% 
7.50% 
7.00% 
n/a 
n/a 
2016 
3.96% 
n/a 
2016 
4.09% 
n/a 
n/a 
The discount rate represents the interest rate used to discount the cash-flow stream of benefit payments to a net present value as of the calculation date. 
A lower assumed discount rate increases the present value oft he benefit obligation. We determined the discount rate using a yield curve based on the interest 
rates of high-quality debt securities with maturities corresponding to the expected timing of our benefit payments. 
The assumed rate of salary increase reflects the expected average annual increase in salaries as a result of inflation, merit increases, and promotions over 
the service period of the plan participants. A lower assumed rate decreases the present value of the benefit obligation. 
66 


The expected return on plan assets represents the long-term rate of return that we assume will be earned over the life of the pension assets. The 
assumption reflects expected capital market returns for each asset class, which are based on historical returns, adjusted for the expected effects of 
diversification and active management (net of fees). 
The assumed health care cost trend rates as of the end of the last two years were as follows: 
Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 
Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) 
Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
2015 
Medical and Life 
Insurance Benefits 
2016 
7.50% 
7.25% 
5.00% 
5.00% 
2023 
2024 
A one percentage point change in the assumed health care cost trend rate would not have significantly changed the accumulated postretirement benefit 
obligation as of April 3U, 2016, or th~ aggregate service and interest costs for 2016. 
Savings plans. We also sponsor various defined contribution benefit plans that together cover substantially all U.S. employees. Employees can make 
voluntary contributions in accordance with their respective plans, which include a 40 l(k) tax deferral option. We match a percentage of each employee's 
contributions in accordance with plan tenns. We expensed $10, $10, and$ 11 for matching contributions during 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively. 
International plans. The information presented above for defined benefit plans and defined contribution benefit plans reflects amounts for U.S. plans 
only. Information about similar international plans is not presented due to immateriality. 
10. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
The Brown-Forman 2013 Omnibus Compensation Plan is our incentive compensation plan, which is designed to reward its participants (including our 
eligible officers, employees, and non-employee directors) for company performance. Under the Plan, we can grant stock-based incentive awards for up to 
8,300,000 shares of common stock to eligible participants until July 28, 2023. As of April 30, 2016, awards for approximately 6,804,000 shares remain 
available for issuance under the Plan. We try to limit the source of shares delivered to participants under the Plan to treasury shares that we purchase from 
time to time on the open market(at times in connection with a publicly announced share repurchase program), in private transactions, or otherwise. 
The following table presents information about stock options and stock-settled stock appreciation rights (SSARs) granted under the Plan (or its 
predecessor plans) as of April 30, 2016, and for the year then ended. 
Outstanding at April 30, 2015 
Granted 
Exercised 
Forfeited or expired 
Outstanding at April 30, 2016 
Exercisable at April 30, 2016 
Number of 
Underlying 
Shares 
(in thousands) 
3,817 
378 
(758) 
(11) 
$ 
3,426 
$ 
2,293 
$ 
Weighted 
Average 
Eserdse Price 
per Award 
48.46 
102.25 
36.88 
87.71 
56.83 
41.24 
Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Term (years) 
5.0 
3.6 
The total intrinsic value of options and SSARs exercised during 2014, 2015, and 2016 was $48, $35, and $47, respectively. 
67 
$ 
$ 
Aggregate 
Intrinsic Value 
138 
126 


We grant stock options and SSARs at an exercise price equal to the market price of the underlying stock on the grant date. Stock options and SSARs 
become exercisable after three years from the first day of the fiscal year of grant and expire seven years after that date. The grant-date fair values of these 
awards granted during 2014, 2015, and 2016 were $14.84, $19.67, and $19.06 per award, respectively. We estimated the fair values using the Black-Scholes 
pricing model with the following assumptions: 
2014 
2015 
2016 
Risk-free interest rate 
1.9% 
2.2% 
2.1% 
Expected volatility 
22.5% 
22.3% 
19.1% 
Expected dividend yield 
1.8% 
1.7% 
1.6% 
Expected term (years) 
6.75 
6.75 
6.75 
We have also granted restricted stock units (RSUs), deferred stock units (DSUs), and shares of performance-based restricted stock (PBRS) under the Plan 
(or its predecessor plans). Approximately 274,000 shares underlying these awards, with a weighted-average remaining vesting period of 1.6 years, were 
nnnvested at April 30, 2016. The following table summarizes the changes in the number of shares underlying these awards during 2016. 
Non vested at April 30, 2015 
Granted 
Adjusted for dividends or performance 
Vested 
Forfeited 
Nonvested at April 30, 2016 
Number or 
Underlying Shares 
(in thousands) 
319 
55 
(I) 
(98) 
(I) 
274 
Weighted 
Average 
Fair Value at 
Grant Date 
72.25 
119.37 
68.43 
62.59 
79.36 
85.22 
For PBRS awards, performance is measured based on the relative ranking of the total shareholder return of our Class B common stock during the three-
year performance period compared to that of the companies within the Standard & Poor's Consumer Staples Index at the end of the performance period, with 
specific payout levels ranging from 50% to 150%. 
The total fair value ofRSUs, PBRS awards, and DSUs vested during 2014, 2015, and 2016 was $11, $11, and $10, respectively. 
The accompanying consolidated statements of operations reflect compensation expense related to stock-based incentive awards on a pre-tax basis of 
$13 in 2014, $15 in 20 I 5, and $ I 5 in 2016, partially offset by deferred income tax benefits of$5 in 2014, $6 in 20 I 5, and $6 in 20 I 6. As of April 30, 20 I 6, 
there was $13 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation. That cost is expected to be recognized over a 
weighted-average period of 1.9 years. 
11. INCOME TAXES 
We incur income taxes on the earnings ofour U.S. and foreign operations. The following table, based on the locations of the taxable entities from which 
sales were derived (rather than the location of customers), presents the U.S. and foreign components of our income before income taxes: 
United States 
Foreign 
$ 
s 
2014 
797 
$ 
150 
947 
$ 
2015 
912 
$ 
90 
1,002 
$ 
2016 
1,184 
305 
1,489 
-------
The income shown above was determined according to GAAP. Because those standards sometimes differ from the tax rules used to calculate taxable 
income, there are differences between: (a) the amount of taxable income and pretax financial income for a year; and (b) the tax bases of assets or liabilities 
and their amounts as recorded in our financial statements. As a result, we recognize a current tax liability for the estimated income tax payable on the current 
tax return, and deferred tax liabilities (income tax payable on income that will be recognized on future tax returns) and deferred tax assets (income tax refunds 
from deductions that will be recognized on future tax returns) for the estimated effects of the differences mentioned above. 
68 


Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of the end of each of the last two years were as follows: 
April 30, 
Deferred tax assets: 
Postretirement and other benefits 
Accrued liabilities and other 
Inventories 
Loss and credit carryfoiwards 
Valuation allowance 
Total deferred tax assets, net 
Deferred tax liabilities: 
Intangible assets 
Property, plant, and equipment 
Other 
Total deferred tax liabilities 
Net deferred tax liability 
2015 
$ 
$ 
2016 
164 
$ 
183 
22 
10 
12 
26 
46 
39 
(27) 
(25) 
217 
233 
(207) 
(225) 
(61) 
- ----- -(83) 
(31) 
(9) 
(299) 
(317) 
(82) 
$ 
(84) 
As of April 30, 2016, the gross amounts of loss carryforwards include a $35 net operating loss in Brazil {no expiration); a U.K. non-trading loss of$3 I 
(no expiration); a $51 net operating loss in Finland (expires in varying amounts between 2024 and 2026); a $19 net operating loss in Mexico {expires in 
varying amounts in 2017 and 2018); and other foreign net operating losses of$27 ($9 that do not expire and $18 that expire in varying amounts between 
2017 and 2026). 
The $25 valuation allowance at April 30, 2016 ($27 at April 30, 2015), relates primarily to a $12 ($12 at April 30, 2015) net operating loss in Brazil. 
Although the losses in Brazil can be carried forward indefinitely, it is uncertain that we will realize sufficient taxable income to allow us to use these losses. 
The valuation allowance also includes$? {$8 at April 30, 2015) related to other foreign net operating losses that expire between 2017 and 2026. The 
remaining valuation allowance relates to a $6 ($7 at April 30, 2015) non-trading loss carryfoiward in the United Kingdom that was generated during 2009. 
Although the non-trading losses can be carried fotward indefinitely, we know ofno significant transactions that will let us use them. 
During 2014, we deferred a tax benefit of$95 that resulted primarily from the release of certain deferred tax liabilities in connection with an 
intercompany transfer of assets, composed primarily of an intangible asset. We are amortizing the deferred benefit to tax expense over approximately six 
years for financial reporting purposes, in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) 740-I0-25-3{e) {Income Taxes) and ASC 810-45-8 
{Consolidation), resulting in a tax benefit of $5 in 2014, $15 in 2015, and $16 in 20 I 6. The remaining balance of the deferred benefit, which is included in 
"other liabilities" on the accompanying balance sheet, was $59 as of April 30, 2016. 
Deferred tax liabilities were not provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries ($803 and $1,005 at April 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively) 
because we expect these undistributed earnings to be reinvested indefinitely outside the United States. If these amounts were not considered permanently 
reinvested, additional deferred tax liabilities of approximately $163 and $222 would have been provided as of April 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 
69 


Total income tax expense for a year includes the tax associated with the current tax return ("current tax expense") and the change in the net deferred tax 
asset or liability ("deferred tax expense"). Our total income tax expense for each of the last three years was as follows: 
2014 
2015 
2016 
Current: 
U.S. federal 
$ 
243 
$ 
259 
$ 
347 
Foreign 
49 
42 
47 
State and local 
II 
18 
293 
312 
412 
Deferred: 
U.S. federal 
$ 
3 
$ 
15 
$ 
24 
Foreign 
(6) 
(II) 
(17) 
State and local 
- ·------ -· 
l2) 
2 
3 
(5) 
6 
10 
$ 
288 
$ 
318 
$ 
422 
Our consolidated effective tax rate usually differs from current statutory rates due to the recognition of amounts for events or transactions with no tax 
consequences. The following table reconciles our effective tax rate to the federal statutory tax rate in the United States: 
U.S. federal statutory rate 
State taxes, net of U.S. federal tax benefit 
Income taxed at other than U.S. federal statutory rate 
Tax benefit from U.S. manufacturing 
Tax impact of sale of business 
Amortization of deferred tax benefit from intercompany transactions 
Other, net 
Effective rate 
2014 
35.0% 
0.7% 
(2.2)% 
(2.8)% 
-% 
(0.4)% 
0.2% 
30.5 % 
Percent of Income Before Taxes 
2015 
2016 
35.0% 
35.0 % 
1.0% 
1.0% 
(0.5)% 
(2.5)% 
(2.5)% 
(2.4)% 
-% 
(I.I)% 
(1.6)% 
(1.6)% 
0.3% 
(0.1)% 
31.7 % 
28.3 % 
At April 30, 2016, we had $9 of gross unrecognized tax benefits, $6 of which would reduce our effective income tax rate if recognized.A reconciliation 
of the beginning and ending unrecognized tax benefits follows: 
Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year 
Additions for tax positions provided in prior periods 
Additions for tax positions provided in current period 
Decreases for tax positions provided in prior years 
Settlements of tax positions in the current period 
Lapse of statutes oflimitations 
Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
2014 
11 
I 
(I) 
(1) 
11 
2015 
$ 
$ 
2016 
II 
$ 
13 
2 
I 
(I) 
(4) 
(1) 
13 
$ 
9 
We file income tax returns in the United States, including several state and local jurisdictions, as well as in several other countries in which we conduct 
business. The major jurisdictions and their earliest fiscal years that are currently open for tax examinations are 2011 for one state in the United States; 2013 in 
the United Kingdom; 2012 in Australia and Ireland; 2011 in Brazil and the Netherlands; 2010 in Poland; 2008 in Finland; and 2005 in Mexico. The audit of 
our fiscal 2014 U.S. federal tax return was concluded in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. In addition, we are participating in the Internal Revenue Service's 
Compliance Assurance Program for our fiscal 2016 tax year. 
We believe there will be no material change in our gross unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. 
70 


12. EARNINGS PER SHARE 
We calculate basic earnings per share by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares 
outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share further includes the dilutive effect of stock-based compensation awards. We calculate that dilutive 
effect using the "treasury stock method" (as defined by GAAP). 
The following table presents information concerning basic and diluted earnings per share: 
Net income available to common stockholders 
Share data (in thousands): 
Basic average common shares outstanding 
Dilutive effect of stock-based awards 
Diluted average common shares outstanding 
Basic earnings per share 
Diluted earnings per share 
$ 
$ 
$ 
2014 
659 
213,454 
1,628 
215,082 
3.08 
3.06 
$ 
$ 
$ 
2015 
2016 
684 
$ 
1,067 
211,593 
202,977 
1,490 
1,303 
213,083 
204,280 
3.23 
$ 
5.26 
3.21 
$ 
5.22 
We excluded common stock-based awards for approximately 309,000 shares, 361,000 shares, and 453,000 shares from the calculation of diluted 
earnings per share for 2014, 2015, and 2016, respectively, because they were not dilutive for those periods under the treasury stock method. 
71 


13. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
The following table summarizes the change in each component of AOC!, net of tax, during 2016: 
Currency Translation 
Cash Flow Hedge 
Postretirement Benefits 
Adh1:itmto•1 
Adiu;tm~o•~ 
Adiui•mco•i 
I.!!tol AQ~I 
Balance at April 30, 20 I 5 
$ 
(108) 
$ 
28 
$ 
(220) 
$ 
(300) 
Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
(23) 
(17) 
(10) 
(50) 
Balance at April 30, 2016 
$ 
(131) 
$ 
II 
$ 
(230) 
$ 
(350) 
The following table presents the components of net other comprehensive income (loss) during each of the last three years: 
Pre-Tu 
Tax 
Net 
Year Ended April 30 20) 4 
Currency translation adjustments 
$ 
(2) 
$ 
(2) 
$ 
(4) 
Cash flow hedge adjustments; 
Net gain (loss) on hedging instruments 
(7) 
3 
(4) 
Reclassification to earnings 1 
Postretirement benefits adjustments: 
Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost 
18 
(7) 
II 
Reclassification to eamings2 
32 
(I 2) 
20 
Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
$ 
41 
$ 
(18) 
$ 
23 
y .. r Ended Aprjl30 2015 
Currency translation adjustments 
$ 
(120) 
$ 
6 
$ 
(114) 
Cash flow hedge adjustments: 
Net gain (loss) on hedging instruments 
96 
(40) 
56 
Reclassification to eamings1 
(41) 
17 
(24) 
Postretirement benefits adjustments: 
Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost 
(70) 
26 
(44) 
Reclassification to eamings2 
22 
(8) 
14 
Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
$ 
(113) 
$ 
$ 
(112) 
Year Ended APril 30 2016 
Currency translation adjustments 
$ 
(22) 
$ 
(I) 
$ 
(23) 
Cash flow hedge adjustments: 
Net gain (loss) on hedging instruments 
30 
(10) 
20 
Reclassification to earnings1 
(60) 
23 
(37) 
Postretirement benefits adjustments: 
Net actuarial gain (loss) and prior service cost 
(47) 
19 
(28) 
Reclassification to eamings2 
30 
(I 2) 
18 
Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
$ 
(69) 
$ 
19 
$ 
(50) 
'Pre-tax amount is classified as net sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
2Pre-tax amount is a component of pension and other postretirement benefit expense (as shown in Note 9, except for amounts related to non-U.S. benefit plans, about which no 
information is presented in Note 9 due to immateriality). 
72 


14. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION 
The following table presents net sales by product category: 
Net sales: 
Spirits 
Wine 
The following table presents net sales by geography: 
Net sales: 
United States 
Europe 
Australia 
Other 
Net sales are attributed to countries based on where customers are located. 
2014 
$ 
$ 
2014 
$ 
$ 
3,765 
$ 
181 
3,946 
$ 
1,62'1 
$ 
1,264 
469 
589 
3,946 
$ 
2015 
2015 
3,903 
$ 
193 
4,096 
$ 
2016 
3,809 
202 
4,01 I 
---------
2016 
1,780 
$ 
1,838 
1)70 
1)42 
431 
379 
615 
552 
4,096 
$ 
4,0 I I 
--------
The net book value of property, plant, and equipment located in Mexico was $40 and $33 as of April 30, 20 I 5 and 2016, respectively. Other long-lived 
assets located outside the United States are not significant. 
We have concluded that our business constitutes a single operating segment. 
15. GAIN ON SALE OF BUSINESS 
On March I, 2016, we sold our Southern Comfort and Tuaca brands to Sazerac Company, Inc. for $543 in cash (subject to a post-closing inventory 
adjustment). The total book value of the related business assets included in the sale was $49, and consisted of$ I\ in inventories, $16 in goodwill, and $22 in 
other intangible assets. As a result of the sale, we recognized a gain of$485 (net of transaction costs of$9) during the fourth quarteroffiscal 2016. 
16. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
Stock split. On May 26, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a two-for-<me stock split, to be paid in the form ofa stock dividend, for all outstanding 
shares of our Class A and Class B common stock. Implementing the stock split is subject to the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of 
Class A common stock at our annual meeting of shareholders, scheduled to be held on July 28, 2016. If approved, we expect the new shares will be 
distributed on or about August I 8, 2016, to shareholders of record on or about August 8, 2016. 
Acquisition. On June I, 2016, we acquired 90% of the voting equity interests in The BenRiach Distillery Company Limited for approximately $307 in 
cash. The acquisition included our assumption of the company's debts and transaction-related obligations totaling approximately $66, which we have since 
paid. 
The acquisition, which brings three single malt Scotch whisky brands into our wh_iskey portfolio, includes brand trademarks, inventories, three malt 
distilleries, a bottling plant, and BenRiach's headquarters in Edinburgh, Scotland. 
The transaction includes a put and call option agreement for the remaining I 0% equity shares. Under that agreement, we may choose (or be required) to 
purchase the remaining 10% for approximately 24 million British pounds (approximately $34 at the exchange rate on June I, 2016) during the one-year 
period ending November 14, 2017. 
73 


QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 
(Expressed in millions, except per share amounts) 
Fiscal 2015 
Fiscal 2016 
First 
Second 
Third 
Fourth 
First 
Second 
Third 
Fourth 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Year 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
\"ear 
Net sales 
$ 
921 
$ 
1,13S 
$ 
1,093 
$ 
947 
$ 
4,096 
$ 
900 
$ 
1,096 
$ 
1,083 
$ 
933 
$ 
4,011 
Gross profit 
49S 
609 
S53 
S27 
2,183 
491 
S86 
sss 
S13 
2,144 
Net income 
ISO 
208 
186 
140 
684 
1S6 
200 
190 
S22 
1,067 
Basic EPS 
0.70 
0.98 
0.88 
0.67 
3.23 
0.7S 
0.98 
0.94 
2.62 
5.26 
Diluted EPS 
0.70 
0.97 
0.87 
0.66 
3.21 
0.7S 
0.97 
0.94 
2.60 
5.22 
Cash dividends per share: 
Declared 
O.S80 
0.630 
1.210 
0.630 
0.680 
1.310 
Paid 
0.290 
0.290 
0.315 
0.315 
1.210 
0.31S 
0.31S 
0.340 
0.340 
1.310 
Market price per share: 
Class A high 
95.29 
93.09 
98.00 
9S.23 
98.00 
119.49 
122.30 
117.53 
112.24 
122.30 
Class A low 
85.98 
81.38 
85.33 
86.85 
81.38 
93.09 
10S.87 
99.SO 
100.40 
93.09 
Class B high 
97.1S 
93.62 
97.97 
93.99 
97.97 
108.41 
I 10.81 
106.88 
103.39 
110.81 
ClassB low 
86.48 
81.89 
8S.43 
86.71 
81.89 
90.65 
95.21 
90.60 
93.2S 
90.60 
Notes: 
I. Quarterly amounts may not add to amounts for the year due to rounding. Further, quarterly earnings per share (EPS) amounts may not add to amounts for the year because 
quarterly and annual EPS calculations arc perfonncd separately. 
2. Results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 include a gain of $485 million on the divestiture of our Southern Comfort and Tuaca brands. 
74 


Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclos11re 
None. 
Item 9A. Co11trols and Procedures 
Eva/11atio11 of Disclosure Controls a11d Procedures. Our management, with the participation ofour Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial 
Officer (CFO) (our principal executive and principal financial officers), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined 
in Rule I 3a-15{e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")) as of the end of fiscal 2016. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO 
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures: are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in our reports filed or 
submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms; and 
include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in such reports is accumulated and 
communicated to the company's management, including the CEO and the CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
Changes in Internal Control over Fi11ancial Reporting. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter 
tnded April 30, 20 I 6, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
Managements Report 011 Internal Control over Fina11cial Reporti11g a11d Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. Management's 
report on our internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2016, and our independent registered public accounting firm's report on our internal 
control over financial reporting are set forth in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
Item 98. Other Information 
None. 
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, a11d Corporate Governance 
PARTUI 
Information on our Executive Officers is included under the caption "Employees and Executive Officers" in Part I of this report. For the other 
information required by this item, see the following sections ofour definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held July 28, 
2016, which information is incorporated into this report by reference: {a) "Election of Directors" (for biographical information on directors and family 
relationships); (b) "Code of Conduct" (for information on our Code of Ethics); (c) "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" (for 
information on compliance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act); (d) "Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee" (for information on the 
procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Company's Board of Directors); and {e) "Corporate Governance" (for information on 
our Audit Committee). 
Item 11. Executive Compensation 
For the information required by this item, referto the following sections ofourdefinitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be 
held July 28, 2016, which information is incorporated into this report by reference: {a) "Compensation Discussion and Analysis"; (b) "Compensation 
Tables"; (c) "Director Compensation"; and {d) "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation." 
Item 12. Security Ownership o/Certain Beneficial Owners and Ma11agement and Related Stockholder Matters 
For equity compensation plan information, refer to "Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer 
Purchases of Equity Securities." For the other information required by this item, refer to the section entitled "Stock Ownership" of our definitive proxy 
statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held July 28, 2016, which information is incorporated into this report by reference. 
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director /11depende11ce 
For the information required by this item, refer to the following sections ofour definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be 
held July 28, 2016, which information is incorporated into this report by reference: (a) "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions"; and (b) "Our 
Independent Directors." 
75 


(tern 14. Principal Accou11ting Fees and Services 
For the information required by this item, refer to the following sections ofour definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be 
held July 28, 2016, which information is incorporated into this report by reference: (a) "Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm"; and 
(b) "Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures." 
PART IV 
(tern 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
(a)(l) 
Financial Statements 
The following documents are included in Item 8 of this report: 
Consolidated Statements of Operations 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Report oflndependent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
(a)(2) 
Financial Statement Schedule: 
Schedule II- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
Page 
49 
50 
51 
52 
53 
54 
48 
82 
We have omitted all other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
either because they are not required under the related instructions, because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and 
notes thereto, or because they do not apply. 
(a)(3) Exhibits: 
The following documents are filed with this report: 
Exhibit Index 
12 
Statement re Computation ofRatio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 
21 
Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
23 
Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
31.1 
CEO Certification pursuant to Section 302 ofSarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
31.2 
CFO Certification pursuant to Section 302 ofSarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
32 
CEO and CFO Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of2002 (not 
considered to be filed). 
IO I 
The following materials from Brown-Forman Corporation's Annual Report on Form I 0-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016, formatted in 
XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (a) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (b) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive 
Income, (c) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (d) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (e) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, and 
(t) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
76 


The following documents have been previously filed: 
Exhibit Index 
3.1 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of registrant, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Brown-Forman Corporation's 
Quarterly Report on Form I 0-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2012, filed on September 5, 2012 (File No. 002-26821 ). 
3.2 
By-laws of registrant. as amended and restated on May 21, 2014, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Brown-Forman 
Corporation's Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2014 (File No. 002-26821 ). 
4.1 
Indenture dated as of April 2, 2007, between Brown-Forman Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, incorporated into this 
report by reference to Exhibit 4.1 ofBrown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2007 (File No. 002-26821). 
4.2 
First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 13, 2010, between Brown-Forman Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as 
Trustee, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Brown-Forman Corporation's Form S-3ASR Registration Statement filed on 
December 13, 2010 (File No. 333-171126). 
4.3 
Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 24,2015, between Brown-Forman Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, 
incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2015 (File No. 002-2682 l). 
4.4 
Form of l.00% Note due 2018, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on 
December 12, 2012 (File No. 002-26821 ). 
4.5 
Form of 2.25% Note due 2023, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on 
December 12, 2012 (File No. 002-2682 l ). 
4.6 
Form of 3.75% Note due 2043, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on 
December 12, 2012 (File No. 002-26821 ). 
4.7 
Officer's Certificate dated December 12, 2012, pursuant to Sections 1.01, 2.02, and 3.01 of the Indenture dated as of April 2, 2007, as 
supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 13, 2010, between Brown-Forman Corporation and U.S. Bank National 
Association, as Trustee, setting forth the terms of the 1.00% Notes due 2018, the 2.25% Notes due 2023, and the 3.75% Notes due 2043, 
incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2012 (File No. 002-
26821). 
4.8 
Officer's Certificate dated June 29, 2015, pursuant to Sections 1.02, 2.02, 3.01 and 3.03 of the Indenture dated as of April 2, 2007, as 
supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 13, 2010 and the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 24, 
2015, between Brown-Forman Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, setting forth the terms of the 4.500% Notes due 
2045, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Brown-Forman Corporation's Form S-3ASR Registration Statement filed on 
June 24, 2015 (File No. 333-205183). 
4.9 
Form of 4.500% Notes due 2045, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on 
June 29, 2015 (File No. 002-26821). 
I 0.1 
A description of the Brown-Forman Savings Plan, incorporated into this report by reference to page l 0 of Brown-Forman Corporation's 
definitive proxy statement filed on June 27, 1996, in connection with its I 996 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (File No.001--00123).• 
10.2 
A description of the Brown-Forman Corporation Nonqualified Savings Plan, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 4.1 ofBrown-
Forman Corporation's Form S-8 Registration Statement filed on September 24, 20 IO (File No. 333-169564). • 
l 0.3 
Brown-Forman Corporation 2004 Omnibus Compensation Plan, as amended, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit A of Brown-
Forman Corporation's proxy statement filed on June 26, 2009, in connection with its 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (File No. 002-
26821 ).• 
10.4 
Form of Employee Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit l0(g) of Brown-Forman 
Corporation's Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2006 (File No. 002-26821 ).• 
I 0.5 
Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit I 0(i) of 
Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2006 (File No. 002-2682 l).• 
I 0.6 
20 IO Form of Employee Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit I 0.1 of 
Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2010 (File No. 002-26821).• 
10.7 
2010 Form of Non-Employee Director Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement, incorporated into this report by reference to 
Exhibit I 0.2 of Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2010 (File No. 002-26821 ).* 
I 0.8 
20 IO Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit I 0.3 of Brown-Forman Corporation's 
Form 8-K filed on July 23,2010 (File No. 002-26821).• 
10.9 
2010 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Brown-Forman 
Corporation's Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2010 (File No. 002-26821).• 
77 


Exhibit Index 
10.10 
Brown-Fonnan Corporation Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and First Amendment thereto, incorporated into 
10.11 
10.12 
10.13 
10.14 
10.15 
10.16 
10.17 
10.18 
10.19 
10.20 
this report by reference to Exhibit I 0(a) of Brown-Forman Corporation's Annual Report on Fonn 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2010, filed 
on June 25, 20 IO (File No. 002-26821 ). • 
' 
Second Amendment to the Brown-Forman Corporation Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, incorporated into this 
report by reference to Exhibit I 0(a) of Brown-Forman Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form I 0-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2011, 
filed on March 9, 2011 (File No. 002-26821 ).• 
Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2011, among Brown-Forman Corporation, certain borrowing subsidiaries and certain 
lenders party thereto, Barclays Capital as Syndication Agent, Bank of America, N.A. and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Documentation Agents, U.S. 
Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, Barclays Capital, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & 
Smith Incorporated and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, incorporated into this report by reference 
to Exhibit 10.1 ofBrown-Fonnan Corporation's Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2011 (File No. 002-26821). 
Amendment No. I to Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of September 27,2013, among Brown-Forman Corporation, the Lenders party to the 
Credit Agreement, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit IO of 
Brown-Forman Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form I 0-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2013, filed on December 4, 2013 (File No. 002-
26821 ). 
364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of May 6, 20 I 6, among Brown-Forman Corporation, certain lenders party thereto, Barclays Capital, as 
Syndication Agent, Bank of America, N.A. and Citibank, N.A. as Co-Documentation Agents, U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative 
Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, Barclays Capital, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Citigroup Global 
Markets, Inc., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit I 0.1 of Brown-Forman 
Corporation's Form 8-Kfiled on May 6, 2016 (File No. 002-26821). 
Brown-Forman Corporation Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Deferred Stock Unit Program, incorporated into this report by 
reference to Exhibit I 0.2 of Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2013 (File No. 002-26821 ). • 
Brown-Forman Corporation 20 I 3 Omnibus Compensation Plan, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit I 0.1 of Brown-Forman 
Corporation's Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2013 (File No. 002-26821).• 
Form of Employee Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit I 0.3 of 
Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on July 26,2013 (File No. 002-26821 ).• 
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit I 0.4 of Brown-Forman Corporation's 
Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2013 (File No. 002-26821 ). • 
Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit I 0.5 of Brown-Forman Corporation's Form 8-K 
filed on July 26, 2013 (File No. 002-26821 ).• 
Paul C. Varga July 25, 2013 Special Restricted Stock Award Agreement, incorporated into this report by reference to Exhibit I 0.1 of Brown-
Forman Corporation's Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2014 (File No. 002-26821).• 
• Indicates management contract, compensatory plan, or arrangement. 
78 


SIGNATURES 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or I 5(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its 
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
Date: June 15,2016 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
CRegistrantl 
Isl Paul C. Varga 
By; 
Paul C. Varga 
Chief Executive Officer and 
Chairman of the Company 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities on June 15,2016, as indicated; 
Isl Geo. Garvin Brown IV 
By: 
Geo. Garvin Brown IV 
Director, Chairman of the Board 
Isl Paul C. Varga 
By: 
Paul C. Varga 
Director, Chief Executive Officer, 
and Chairman of the Company 
Isl Joan C. Lordi Amble 
By: 
Joan C. Lordi Amble 
Director 
Isl Patrick Bousquet--Chavanne 
By; 
Patrick Bousquet--Chavanne 
Director 
79 


/s/ Campbell P. Brown 
By: 
Campbell P. Brown 
Director 
/s/ Martin S. Brown, Jr. 
By: 
Martin S. Brown, Jr. 
Director 
/s/ Stuart R. Brown 
By: 
Stuart R. Brown 
Director 
/s/ Bruce L. Byrnes 
By: 
Bruce L. Byrnes 
Director 
/s/ John D. Cook 
By: 
John D. Cook 
Director 
/s/ Marshall B. Farrer 
By: 
Marshall B. Farrer 
Director 
/s/ Laura L. Frazier 
By: 
Laura L. Frazier 
Director 
/s/ Sandra A Frazier 
By: 
Sandra A Frazier 
Director 
80 


Isl Augusta Brown Holland 
By: 
Augusta Brown Holland 
Director 
Isl Michael J. Roney 
By: 
Michael J. Roney 
Director 
Isl Michael A. Todman 
By: 
Michael A. Todman 
Director 
Isl James S. Welch, Jr. 
By: 
James S. Welch, Jr. 
Director 
Isl Jane C. Morreau 
By: 
Jane C. Morreau 
Executive Vice President and ChiefFinancial 
Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
Isl Brian P. Fitzgerald 
By: 
Brian P. Fitzgerald 
Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting 
Officer 
(Principal Accounting Officer) 
81 


CoLA 
Description 
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
SCHEDULE 11- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
For the Years Ended April 30, 2014, 2015, and 2016 
(Expressed in millions) 
Col. B 
Col C{l) 
Col. C(2) 
Additions 
Additions 
Balance at 
Charged to 
Charged to 
Beginning 
Costs and 
Other 
of Period 
Expenses 
Accounts 
2014 
$ 
9 
$ 
$ 
2015 
$ 
9 
$ 
2 
$ 
2016 
$ 
10 
$ 
$ 
l1l 
Doubtful accounts written off, net of recoveries. 
82 
Col. D 
Col E 
Balance 
at End 
Deductions 
of Period 
$ 
$ 
9 
$ 
ll) 
$ 
10 
$ 
2 (I) 
$ 
9 


Exhibit 12 
RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 
The following table sets forth our historical ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the periods indicated. Earnings consist of income from continuing 
operations before income taxes, excluding undistributed minority interest in income of affiliates and fixed charges. Fixed charges consist of interest charges, 
whether expensed or capitalized and is inclusive of that portion of tax reserves we believe to be representative of interest and that portion of rental expense 
we believe to be representative of interest. 
For the Years Ended April 30, 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges 
22.lx 
20.9x 
26.9x 
28. lx 
28.Sx 


~ 
Amercain Investments, C.V. 
AMG Trading, L.L.C. 
BF FINCO, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
B-F Holding Hungary 2 Kft. 
B-F Korea, L.L.C. 
BFC Tequila Limited 
Brown-Forman Arrow Continental Europe, L.L.C. 
Brown-Forman Australia Pty. Ltd. 
Brown-Forman Beverages Europe, Ltd. 
Brown-Forman Beverages Japan, L.L.C. 
Brown-Forman Beverages North Asia, L.L.C. 
Brown-Forman Beverages (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
Brown-Forman Beverages Worldwide, Comercio de Bcbidas Ltda 
Brown-Forman Bulgaria, e.o.o.d. 
Brown-Forman Colombia S.A.S 
Brown-Forman Czcchia, s.r.o. 
Brown-Fomian Deutschland GmbH 
Brown-Forman Dutch Holding, B.V. 
Brown-Forman Finland Oy 
Brown-Forman France 
Brown-Fomian Greece E.P.E. 
Brown-Forman Holding Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
Brown-Forman Hong Kong Ltd. 
Brown-Forman Hungary I Kft. 
Brown-Fomian Hungary Kft. 
Brown-Forman International, Inc. 
Brown-Forman Italy, Inc. 
Brown-Forman Korea Ltd. 
Brown-Forman Latvia L.L.C. 
Brown-Forman Netherlands, B.V. 
Brown-Forman Polska Sp. z o.o. 
Brown-Forman Ro S.R.L. 
Brown-Forman Rus L.L.C. 
Brown-Forman SI. d.o.o. 
Brown-Forman S2, d.o.o. 
Brown-Forman South Africa Pty Ltd. 
Brown-Forman Spain, S.L. 
Brown-Forman Spirits (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
Brown-Forman Spirits Trading, L.L.C. 
Brown-Forman Tequila Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
Brown-Forman Thailand, L.L.C. 
Brown-Forman Worldwide, L.L.C. 
Brown-Forman Worldwide (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
Canadian Mist Distillers, Limited 
Charnbord Liqueur Royale de France 
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
Percentage of 
S1.£l!citi•~ Qwa!ol 
100%(1) 
100% 
100%12) 
IOO¾l3l 
100%(4) 
100%15) 
100% 
100%(4) 
100%141 
100% 
100% 
100%(6) 
100%(7) 
100%(41 
100%(4) 
100%(8) 
100%<9) 
100%(4) 
100%(41 
100%141 
100%(10) 
100%(11) 
1OO%(l2) 
100% (ll) 
100%(4) 
100% 
100% 
100%(12) 
100%(4) 
l0O%(14) 
100%(8) 
100%(10) 
100%<1SJ 
100%14) 
100%(4) 
100% (4) 
100%(4) 
100%16) 
100%(41 
100%(16) 
100% 
100% 
100%(17) 
100% 
100% 
Exhibit 21 
State or Jurisdiction 
Q[ ID,!lll!!lra!i2a 
Netherlands 
Delaware 
Mexico 
Hungary 
Delaware 
Ireland 
Kentucky 
Australia 
United Kingdom 
Delaware 
Delaware 
China 
Brazil 
Bulgaria 
Colombia 
Czech Republic 
Germany 
Netherlands 
Finland 
France 
Greece 
Mexico 
Hong Kong 
Hungary 
Hungary 
Delaware 
Kentucky 
Korea 
Latvia 
Netherlands 
Poland 
Romania 
Russia 
Serbia 
Slovenia 
South Africa 
Spain 
China 
Turkey 
Mexico 
Delaware 
Delaware 
China 
Ontario, Canada 
France 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

~ 
Clintock Limited 
Cosesa-BF S. de R.L. de C. V. 
Distillerie Tuoni e Canepa S.R.L. 
Early Times Distillers Company 
Finlandia Vodka Worldwide Ltd. 
Jack Daniel Distillery, Lem Motlow, Prop., Inc. 
Jack Daniel's Properties, Inc. 
Limited Liability Company Brown-Forman Ukraine 
Longnorth Limited 
Lothian Shelf (724) Limited 
Magnolia Investments of Alabama, L.L.C. 
SCHE Properties Limited 
Slane Castle Irish Whiskey Limited 
Sonoma-Cutrer Vineyards, Inc. 
Southern Comfort Properties, Inc. 
Valle de Amatitan, S.A. de C.V. 
Washington Investments, L.L.C. 
Percentage of 
Si:s11dti~~ Qwa~!I 
[OQ%(Sl(IS) 
100%09) 
!00%(20) 
100% 
100% 
100%(21) 
LOO% 
100% 
!00%(14)(18) 
IOQ%Ul 
100% 122) 
100% (23) 
100%(4) 
100% 
100% 
!00%(16) 
100% 
State or Jurisdiction 
Q [ lnc21112[i!ti2a 
Ireland 
Mexico 
Italy 
Delaware 
Finland 
Tennessee 
Delaware 
Ukraine 
Ireland 
Scotland 
Delaware 
Ireland 
Ireland 
California 
California 
Mexico 
Kentucky 
The companies listed above constitute all active subsidiaries in which Brown-Forman Corporation owns, either directly or indirectly, the majority of the voting securities. No 
other active affiliated companies arc controlled by Brown-Forman Corporation. 
Ol 
Owned 99% by Brown-Forman Hungary I Kft. and 1% by B-F Holding Hungary 2 Kft. 
<2> 
Owned 99% by Brown-Forman Dutch Holding B.V. and 1% by Brown-Forman Beverages Europe, Ltd. 
!31 
Owned by Brown-Forman Hungary I Kft. 
<4> 
Owned by Brown-Forman Netherlands, B.V. 
<5> 
Owned by Longnorth Limited. 
<6• 
Owned by Brown-Forman Hong Kong Ltd. 
<7> 
Owned 99% by Brown-Forman Corporation and 1% by Early Times Distillers Company. 
18> 
Owned 81.8% by Brown-Forman Netherlands, B.V. and 18.2% by Brown-Forman Beverages Europe, Ltd. 
<9> 
Owned by Brown-Forman Beverages Europe, Ltd. 
<10> 
Owned 90% by Brown-Forman Netherlands B.V. and 10% Brown-Forman Dutch Holding B.V. 
111> 
Owned 52.01% by Brown-Forman Netherlands, B.V. and 47.99% by Brown-Forman Corporation. 
(12) 
Owned by B-F Korea, L.L.C. 
\131 
Owned by AMG Trading, L.L.C. 
C14l 
Owned by Amercain Investments C.V. 
osi 
Owned 90% by Brown-Forman Netherlands B.V. and 10% Brown-Forman Deutschland GmbH. 
CI6> 
Owned 99% by Brown-Forman Holding Mexico S.A. de C.V. and 1% by Early Times Distillers Company. 
117> 
Owned by Brown-Forman Beverages North Asia, L.L.C. 
0 8> 
Includes qualifying shares assigned to Brown-Forman Corporation. 
<19> 
Owned 99.9972% by BF FINCO S. de R.L. de C.V. and 0.00277% by Brown-Forman Beverages Europe, Ltd. 
120, 
Owned 63% by Brown-Forman Italy, Inc. and 37% by Brown-Forman Netherlands, B.V. 
<21 l 
Owned by Jack Daniel's Properties, Inc. 
C'2l 
Owned by Jack Daniel Distillery, Lem Matlow. Prop., Inc. 
<23J 
Owned by Clintock Limited. 


Exhibit 23 
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Fonn S-3 (No. 333-205 I 83) and S-8 (Nos. 333-38649, 333-
74567, 333-89294, 333-126988, 333-117630, 333-169564, and 333-190122) ofBrown-Fonnan Corporation of our report dated June 15,2016 relating to the 
financial statements, financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Fonn 10-K.. 
Isl PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Louisville, Kentucky 
June 15,2016 


Exhibit 31.1 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
I, Paul C. Varga, certify that: 
I. 
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form I 0-K of Brown-Forman Corporation; 
2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fuel or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the 
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this 
report; 
3. 
Based on my knowledge, the' financial statements, and other financial in formation included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the 
financial co~dition, results ofoperations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing-and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in 
Exchange Act Rules I 3a-l 5(e) and 15d-l 5(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules l 3a-l 5(f) and I 5d-
l 5(f)) for the registrant and have: 
a) 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those 
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 
materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
5. 
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the 
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
Dated: 
a) 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting. 
June 15,2016 
By: Isl Paul C. Varga 
Paul C. Varga 
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the 
Company 


Exhibit 31.2 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
I, Jane C. Morreau, certify that: 
I. 
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form I 0-K of Brown-Forman Corporation; 
2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the 
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this 
report; 
3. 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in 
Exchange Act Rules l 3a-l 5(e) and l 5d-l 5(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules l 3a-l 5(t) and 15d-
l 5(f)) for the registrant and have: 
a) 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those 
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
b) 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
d) 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 
materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
5. 
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the 
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
Dated: 
a) 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation ofintemal control over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, sununarize and report financial information; and 
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting. 
June 15, 2016 
By: 
Isl Jane C. Morreau 
Jane C. Morreau 
Executive Vice President and ChiefFinancial 
Officer 


Exhibit 32 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
In connection with the Annual Report ofBrown-Fonnan Corporation ("the Company") on Fonn I 0-K for the period ended April 30, 2016, as filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to I 8 U.S.C. Section 1350, as 
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of2002, in the capacity as an officer of the Company, that: 
(!) 
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of I 934; and 
(2) 
The infonnation contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
Dated: 
June15,2016 
By: 
Isl Paul C. Varga 
Paul C. Varga 
Chief Executive Officer and Chainnan of 
the Company 
By: 
Isl Jane C. Morreau 
Jane C. Morreau 
Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer 
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and 
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
This certificate is being furnished solely for purposes of Section 906 and is not being filed as part of the Report. 


