Longnorth limited 
Reports and financial statements 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2018 

Longnorth Lin1ited 
R.eports and financial staternents 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2018 
Contents 
Page 
Directors ~md othe.t infonnation 
2 
Directors~ :report 
3-4 
Directors' respoi1sibiLitics statement 
5 
Independent auditors~· report 
6-8 
Profit and loss account 
9 
10 
Statement of Changes fo..Eqnity 
11 
Notes to the financial statcrne:ms 
12-18 

Longnorth Limited 
Directors atid othe.r information 
Ditectors 
Ms. j\{,E. Barrazotto 
:Ms. L. Curmingham 
:rv:r:r. L. Cornbs 
!vfr .A .. Alvarez 
N[s.J.Adam 
Sectetaty 
1\/Is. M.E. Bartazotto 
Registered office 
Est1 . .1ftry House 
BlockP7 
East-Point Business Park 
Fairv:iew 
Dublin 3 
Auditors 
Deloitte he.land LLP 
Chattered Acccmntints an_d Statutory Audit Firm 
Ddoitte & Tonche House 
Eadsfort Terrace 
Dub1in.2 
BanJ.rers 
Bank of Am.eric.a 
2 PatkPiace 
Hatch Street 
Dublin 2 
Solicitors 
J\&L Goodbody 
lntcmational Financial Services Centre 
Dublin 1 
Cotnpany number 
81753 
2 

Longnotth.Limited 
Directors, report 
for the financial year ended 30 Apdl2018 
The· directors presdri: their ,mmwJ. repoi't: and the :mdited financial statei11.et,ts M foe cotrtpany for the iinancfal year ended 30 
April20HI. 
Principal acthdty 
T'ht~ Ct;tnpany isa hblilingeon1p:rny. Details c,f the company's subr.iclfr,tb, ,u1d 1xssoclate are set out in.note 6 to the financial 
stat:e!ncnts. 
Petforimmee re-view 
Both the 
of bnsiness and fl,r:: fit1aridi1l ycat--cnd fimmcial potiidon ,ve1e s:atisfactr,ry, On 29th of Augm,t, 2018, a 
voJ.ui1t11y stti.kc off ,i'as filed fot Clinbx:k l.tiYJlted. It Ji; not crnisidered netes,;ar}' to te<:f)b,rt1ise a1-i 1!Tij)Jt1J:men~los1, in respect 
of th,~ comprwy\ investment in Clint(>ck Lhriitcd.. 
Risks and uncettainties 
As tht: coni.p:u1y .is ,in lnvcs:t:mcnt holding con1pany, d,e ,.llrec1.Ns ru:e rjf fr1.e oph·ilon. rbat the key nsk fodng the ccirnpar1y i.s 
rbe possible: dirnirtt1t.i.cin in the ciu:rying value of the invcstrncrH:s held .Ln its invc!ltee~. It js therefore indirectly snbjet:t to the 
r.isks and urH::ertmntks c::qx:r.ie.i1t,ed by its Jnnstees, Its itn•cstces predorninantJy bperMe i11 the alcoh,)lk bevt:eiges indust1:y. 
The direct<its hr,\ie dl~tct.rniried that the ;i1afr1 rfakri and nnccrtaintii:'s pertaining to the ,ilcoholic beverage activities of its 
irwcstecb Me the r:omp.::titive nature of the prern.iurn sphh:s markenmd the reliance nn ~i small n1.lir1bet of products to make 
up the rr1;jjoti1.y of the h1rnoveo.nd g:i:01,s profit gcncr;:;_tccl hy its. inve~tccs. To off-set t11esc risks, tl1e rr.u1nage.mern of the 
cotnpfl:nyrs investees n,akt SUJ;faJnab!c; focused :nat'krr.ing invdfr:r',enfa fo addition, the conipany's inve~tet:s .:ire nwtudng:1 
ti.umber ofp.rodtu:u, w]th lot1g term poccntfal tn e:,:pand th('. rang1: of prodi.1cts. 
Fntnre developrn:efas 
'I1;c directors expect that the pres~rH lc'vcJ of activity \VU! b~: susJi1j:1.1ed for 1.he foreseeable futme, 
Results, dividends and reserves 
'rbt loss afrct taxation for the Bnandal ye,it: \va:; '-"''i:"··'"•"'uc.• (20-l 7: US$15,DOO). The compatiy c.u.d not ix1y any dividends 
during the i~rrn.o.chl year (20J7: US$nil), Re;;etves 3.t Ml April 2018 were: US$306,690,()00. (2017; US$306,5l&,000). 
Eventt:i since. the finntmbl year end 
On 29th of Augu :;r~ 2018, a volnntaty s.trlke off was· filed fot C.li.n t6ck Uh1ited, It is not Ci:ins:dci:ecl necessary to recog11 ist, an 
in1p-a.1.rrJ\l~rit los.s in respect of the company,'s investment in C!Jnwck Umlted. 
3 

Longnotth Limited 
Directors' teport (continued) 
for the financial yea!' ended 30 April 2018 
Accoutlth1g fot:Ord;, 
The a1e;;:!;1.1-res that the directors h~vc. mken to ensure compliar1ce ,vith thi". tequfrernei1rs i)f Sectfr:ms 2.81 to 
,:)f the 
Companies Act 2014 wnh regard tQ d1e k:et':plng r.-f accounting records :we the cngagcrncnt of Rppr:opr:iatciy gu:illfied 
acc(mn.cirig per;;onnd and. the )nair.,tcoance of cmnputerised accowidng systi::Ii:1s. Tfo:: cot:npany's .accotm:dng rocotds sl±e 
maii:1tllh1ed at the wmpany's registeti;x{oHke at E,.tu:aJ':,1 I-Iqtise:, H1otk P7, East Point fhisioess Pnxk, Fairvif~,v, Dnplin 3, 
frelancL 
Dit·t~ctors and secretary 
'The .:fo:ector.~, who st:J,redit any tlrne during 1}u:: i:inMcihl yeat exc:ept ,i;; r.iotc:d, \Vere as follows: 
Directors 
:iSds. i'VLK BsH'.fl\ZDtto (USA) 
.1\tl~. L. Cµru1inghrtm 
Mr.L Combs 
Mt. A, i\lvarc,; (lJSA:) 
Iv.fo. J, Adatn (USA) 
Secretary 
M.s. J\LE. B,irmzotto 
Ditecto1'$1 a:11:d secretilryjs intere1,.ts bl shares 
Nu dh'ctto:t m: set:i-e:t,uy had, ,1! any time d11dng tht:c ye,11:, a bencfida.! interest ln the ::hires of the cornp:my. 
The. lX'i)C':t.tcial interests, indndirig the interesn, of f;ponses ll'nd minor thildren, 0 f the. dit·t'cmrs «11:d the cornpm:i.y secret,1ry-
~.vho hdd n(fice at 30 J\pdl 20181 in the sJrn.rc r;r~pita:l ;:,f the ultimate parent company, Hrown-Fon:nan Corpora,tion, at 10 
April 2018 and 1 Jvfay 2017, arc ks:; tha11 1.v;,J <)f the total share capfraJ cif the comr,,wy, 
.Approval of 1:foduccd Disclosures 
The c:ornpany, as ~ qm,Jifyii'.lg entity hnfl taken adv;i;ntage of the dfadosnn~s c:xT:tnption in FRS H}2 piu-agt:,ph 1.12. The 
ci:m:i.p;my'~ sh,trchnlders hay1~. bt:en .:nndfitd in 
about tht intentton to tab:: atlvantagt of i:he: dfaclosurt: exemption }!.nd 
no objec:tfom, hr,Yebeen rec.e.ived. 
The cotn1xmy iiso intend~ to fake advai'ltage of the:se c:<tmptions in the flnt1m:i:l!J. .S:tt~tements :en h:i:: issued. in the following 
finafl:cfal ye,nr. Objections nmy be served on the coi0npany by Arnercain 'hwc1;tments C.V., :is. the in.mwdiate partm of the 
et'it.ity, 
Going concern 
~rhe difrr.t()l',~ rn:1tlintthek assc11s:me:_11.t of going l:()\Ki.:m in note L 
Stati"!tnent of televant audit i1:ifotrnatfon 
So Eu· as each of the directors i.n office ,it the date of approval o.f the fint1i1da1. statcn-icnfa .is a\v;:ire: 
a) 111ere is no relevant mxllt inforrn;,.tion nf,Yhkh the Con1px.~y's andit(">f5 are un~ii\Vate; tnd 
b) The .Dirc-ctnrs have taken all the ~teps th~it they cmght.to have mke11 <fls directo:rs io<oi:d,:;r t,:J n,ake themselves a\vm:e of ~my 
rdlevarn:andit lnfonr11tt.ion and to establish that ih:::Con,p,my'sauditots ate awai-e ofthrttiofr>rrnatii,n. 
'T'hJ:s tonfirrnatitm is -giver, and should be interpreted in accotd,tnce wifr, the provif:ions -::;,fSectbn t~O of the Companies .Act 
2014, 
4 

Longnorth Litnited 
Directors' responsibilities state1nent 
'I11t directors art tc::sponsible fot ptcparit1g the clitectors' report and the fin,1ncial stat-ementsJn acc0tdance \Vith the 
Cornpanics _t\.cr. 2014.and theappticable tegnl-f.ltions~ 
lrfsh company h:tw fe<~n.ircs the cHrectot"' tQ prepare finandal statemcnrs fi)i: e:n,h financial year. Unde1' the la\\t, the 
directors have elected: to ptei.,are the finat1da! stmements in accon.lat1ce ,:,vltl1 FRS 102 The Hnandal Rcpotting 
St,,n'ldatd applicable in the UK and Ireland 1"••·-"•••·~--- financial reporcing fnlli:i.ewotk"), Under ct>mpariy Jaw, the 
ditec:tots rri.nst nc)t app:tov(;; the financial stateim.'11t-s. unless they arc sati~fied that they give a tme and fair vfo,.;v pf tl1e 
i1sstts, liabilities ~md fin:antfo:l position of the company 115 at the finant':foJ ye3.t t~nd da.tt: and of the profit or loss of t,he 
cornpany for the financial yeat 
othe,nvisc con,ply 
the ComJ;ianies Act 2014. 
In preparing those financial statements, the directots ~,re .reqnired to: 
imk:c:t suitable accu,mting poHdes for the Cotnp~my Finnncial Stnteme.nts and tbe1J apply them consistendy; 
rnakejncig:crnents and estimates that ,.;.re. reasorni.bie and prudent; 
state whether the fi.nancfal st~ttements have been prepru:ed in accordance with the applicabfo accounting 
stimcbrdsi idmdfy those- st':.1t1Lhrds, >tnd n:ote tbe effec1 and the reasons for any matc:i'l,11 depat:tttre frorn thost, 
standards; and 
prepaxe rbc financial statetnents on the goirig concern 1,asis ui:ilcss it is inappropriate to pres1.irne that the 
company will contirine in business. 
The dh'ecr.ors ak mspons.i:hle for ensuring that the comp:lhY keep-s 01· c,rnse::; to be lwr,it :adeguate accounting records 
which cottectly explain and reco1·d the transactions of the c:ompany, cn~.ble at any tkne the as:~ets, lial,ihtks, finandal 
position ;mdprofit or loss oftli,e: company tobe determlned'\.vith rqtsorrnble accuraq7; enable them to ensure that the 
firianci0.l staternents and. directors' report cmnply vlith _the Con1panies Act 2014 and .efo,ble the firnu'icial statctnd1ts to. 
be 0,tJr.Hted, They Mc also re:;ponsihle for. 3afeg;u,ixdfog the assets of the d)n:1pany and fo~ncc- for taking teasonable 
stf::p" for the prevencion __ and detecticm of fraud and othtr it:tegul:arides:, 
5 

I itt 
INDEPENDENT AUDffO.RS~ REPORT TO THE MEMB.ERS OF 
LONGNORTH LIMITED 
Report on the audit of the financial statements 
Opinion on the financial statements of longnorth Limited {the 'company'} 
In our opinion tile financial statements: 
Deloitte Ireland LLF 
Chartered Accountants & 
Statt)tory Audit Firm 
« 
give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position of the company as at 30 
April 2018 and ofthe loss forthe financial year then ended; and 
» 
have been properly prepared in accordance With the relevant financial reporting framework amt 
in pc1rticular,. with the requirements of the Companies Act 2014. 
Ttle financial statements we have audited comprise: 
so 
the Profit and Loss .Account; 
(!I 
the Balance Sheet; 
~ 
the. Statement of Changes in Equity; 
& 
the related notes 1 tb 12, includlng a summary of significant 21ccounting policies as set out in note 
1. 
The relevant financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is the Companies Ad 
2014 and FRS 102 "The Financial Reportlng Standard applicable ln the UK and Republic oUrelandu issued 
by the Financial Reporting Council ("the relevant financial reporting framework"), 
Basis for opiniQn 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (lreland) (ISAs {Ireland)) 
and applicable law. Our responslbiHties under those standards are described beloW in the "Auditor
1s 
responsibillties for the auditofthe financial statements",' s.ectfon of our report. 
We are independent of company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit 
of the finc\ndal statements In Ireland; includ!ng the Ethical Standard issued by the Irish Auditing and 
Accounting Supeni'isory Authority, and V<Je have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements. We believe thatthe audit evidence we have obtained ls sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opi11ion. 
We have nothing to report in respect of the foHowlng matters in relation to which ISAs (Ireland) require us 
to report to you where: 
l.ll 
the .directors' use of the ~loing concern basis of accounting in preparation of the financial 
stc1tements is not appropriate; or 
JI> 
the dlrectors have not disclosed in the financial statements any identified material uncertainties 
that may cast signlflc~mt doubt about company's abl!ity to continue to adopt the golng concern 
basis of accounting for a period of at least twelve months from the date vvhen the financial 
statements are authorised for issue 
Other information 
The directors are responsible for the other information, The other information comprises the information 
Included ln the reports and fl11ancial statementsr other than the financial statements and our auditor's 
report thereon, Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except 
to the extent otherwise ex:plicltt.y stated ln our report, we do not express any form of assurance condu:sion 
thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements 1 our responsibility' is to read the other information 
and( in doing so, consider whether the other information is rnateriaHY inconsistent with the financtal 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated, If we 
identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material n,isstaten1ents, we are reqUired to determine 
whether there ls a material misstatement in the financial statements or a material rnlsstatement of the 
other information. If, based on the. work we have performed 1 we conclude that there iS a material 
misstatement of this other Information, we are required to report that fact 
\f.Je have nothing to report in tllfs regard. 

Continued from previous page/ 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORSr REPORT TO THE. MEMBERS OF 
LONGNORTH LIMITED 
ResponsfbiUties of dir(!ctors 
As explained more fully in the Directors' responsibilities statement, the directors are responsible for the 
1:Weparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fa.ir view and 
otherwise comply with the companies .Act 2014. our responslbillty Is to audit and express an opinion on 
the financial statements in accordance with the Companies Act 2014 and International Standards on 
Auditing (UK and Ireland), Those standards require us to comply with the Auditing Practices Board's Ethical 
Standards for Auditors. 
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company's abiHty to 
co11tinue as a going concern, discloslng, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either illtend to liquidate the company or to cease 
operations, or have no realistfc alternative but to do so, 
Auditor's responsibiHties for the audit of the financial statiement 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whol.e are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an 
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (Ireland) will always detect a material mfsstatement when it 
exists, Misstatements can arlse from fraud or error and are considered material if; individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the 
basis of these financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance witl1 ISAs (Ireland}, we ex13rcis1~ professional Judgment and ma.intain 
professional sceptklsm throughout theaudit. We also: 
GI 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstaternentofthe finandal statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks; and obtain audit 
evidence that is ~uffident and appropriate to provide a basts for our opinion. The risk of not 
detecting a material rnlsstaternent resutting frorn fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, 
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery1 intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control.. 
111 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit In order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate In the circumstance~, but not for the purpose of expressing an 
opinion on the effectiveness of the company's interm:JI control. 
~ 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by the directors. 
GI 
Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors
1 use of the going concern basis of accounting 
and, based on the audit eviden9e obtained1 whether a material uncertainty exists related to events 
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the compa.nvs ablHty to tontinue as a going 
concern .. If we, conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in 
our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion.. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtalned up 
to the di:lte ofthe audltor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the entity (or 
where relevant, the group) to cease to continue as a going concern. 
o. 
Evaluate the overall presentatTont structure and content of the financial statements, including the 
disclosures1 and whether the financial statements reprnsent the underlying transactions and 
events in a mannerthat achieves fair presentation. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among otl1er matters, the planned scope 
and tifning of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significantdeflctencies in lnternal control 
that the auditor identifies during the audit. 
This report is made solely to the company's members( as a body, in accordance With Section 391 .orthe 
Companies Act 2014. Our audit worl< has been undertaken so that we might state to the company's 
members those matters we are required to state.to them In an auditotsf report and for no other purpose. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the 
company and the company
1s members as a body, for our audit work, forth is report, or for the opinions we 
have forrned. 

I itt 
Contiouedfrom previous page/ 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS" REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF 
l.ONGNORTH LIMITED 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
Opinion on other matters prescribed by the>Companies Act 2014 
Based solely on the \Nark undertaken in the course of the audit, we report that: 
Q 
We have obtained all the information and explanatlons which we consider necessary for the 
purposes of·our audit. 
* 
In our opinion the accounting records of the company were sufficient to permit the financial 
statements to be readily and properly auclited, 
Q 
'fhe financial statements are tn c1greementwith the accounting records. 
e 
In our opinion the information given in the directors' report is consistent with the financial 
statements and the directors' report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 
2014, 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
Based on the knowledge and understandh1g of the company and its environment obtained ln the course. of 
the audit, we have not identified material misstatements ln the directors' report. 
We have nothing to report In respect of the provisions in the Cornpanles Act 201.4 which require us to 
reportto you if, ln our opinion,. the disclosures of directors' r;:muneration and transactions specified by law 
are not made, 
e,,-(i;: _g----:=~> 
Erner O'Shaughnessy 
For and on behalf of Deloitte Ireland LLP 
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Audit Firm 
Deloitte & Touche House, Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2 

Lo11gnorth Lhnited 
Profit atld • 1oss account 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2018 
Nott 
Admii1ismr6:0i1··costs 
Loss·rJ:tl ordinary activities br:fot·e taXathm 
4 
2018 
VS$1000 
(26) 
(26) 
2017 
usg1000 
'fbe cnrnpan:y's acdvlti<:.'s cni;slst 
finimcirJ yr.:ru· nnd the previou:~ 
of continuing nperat-iom. iJJ recc,gni.!>td gains and foss,::s. foi: hotJ.1 the turreht 
yc:i:r iffe incbddin tbcpwfa:i.nd loss acconnt. 
9 

Longnorth .Limited 
Balance sheet 
as at 30 Apr.il 2018 
Fixed assets 
Pinan:cial nssets 
Current o,-:sct;; 
Dt:btor~ 
Ca~h -ath,i1k :~tid in lmnd 
Net assets 
Capltal ~ndtese:rves 
Share capital 
C1piml contribt)titc1n 
P::ofit :ind ibss.::tu:r;nnt 
Note 
10 
2018 
US$1CIOO 
300,000 
78 
(5) 
100,073 
300;200 
:6,490 
.3.06,690: 
20l7 
US-$.'000 
6,617 
3()0,000 
2 
300,002 
299,399 
306,516 
.300,0!JQ 
i'.>,;i-t~'> 
306,5]6 

Longnn:tth Limited 
Statement of changes in equity 
.For the financial year ended 30 April 2018 
}u) i\fr,y 2016 
T,os~ for the finflnda! f<~itr 
At 1 May :2017 
Lo~s for t.hc. fwa11d.-il year 
Capital cormibu.ted re:cdved dndng the ye,n-
At 30 AptiL2018 
Called np 
c~~pitat 
-Pro.fit and 
:share 
t:oiittlburfon 
foss 
capital 
reserve: 
account 
US$'0fi0 
US$10!10. 
USS'OOO 
200 
6,s:n 
(1 S) 
6,f:i16 
(26) 
Total 
llS:£'00l) 
6,53J 
(i5) 
300,{)Cl{) 
306,516 
(26) 
200 

I.:,,ong:n.otth Limited 
Notes to the fir1a.ndal statements 
for the financial year ended 30 Aptil 2018 
1 
Accounting policies 
T11e pri-ndp,Li account.mg poHeies ,itc :mrnrnati~ed below. They havi.~ bei.:ti :~ptJlied ct,11.;.;i.stcntly th:foughout 
the financial year at,d tt) the ptccc.dfog financial yc.u. 
Bm,1is ofp:te.parntion 
'The financial f,taterm:.uts arc tm::p3_red tti accordance wit], the· (;oirip:mles A Ct 2U14 and FRS 102 The 
Finarn::it~1 Rcp~)tting St,,ndard applknbk:in the: UK and Rcpu\;lic oflxebml 
Thesf frt1at1dal ~lliRtnents ptef.;ent infoi:mati:on about :..he company a.s an iridlvidual 11ndr:n.t1ldng and tJot 
about its group, Jn 11ecnrdancc with Section 300 ~-'-''lHI.MLm=~ Act 2JJJ4, the {.'.(n111xmy ir, exempt fmn:i. the 
obhgatirm to pter,are and dcHvet g1·our fo1nndal staterm'nts a:c; it ls a subsidiai'y (>f :a holthng u.nrkrwking 
thr1L huwt established u.nd:euhe law,; Df ,m l~".E/\ sta:u::, 1'he company is irn::lutled ,vithin fhe c<i:nsolidatlcd. 
fir:rn:ncia] sfateme.nt$l~f Btr..iwn~FotJ.113:11 Co1·ponHion, ino.:a:purat,:d inthc·LlSA, 
Lwignori:h Limited is a cornpm1yinc◊i•p~)rated h11rel;irn:l -.:1Hdet the Companies A(:t 2nl4. The addte::,s of 
the tegistetedof6c•e is given f}11 p~ge ::t The na.mte of the 1companyoperntkm~ 1.i:ndit8 priridp~! icfJvit:ier, 
are set Oi.lt in the cEtectot's rc:pt,rt on page~ :?, to (f_ 
':the lfoancial ,;tatc:n:1ents hrrvc been: 1>1\:1):sited u:ndcr the histw-knl t()st ton,tci1tion, mtidlfied w include 
Ccttain item.s at !~.fr value, and in ,rcrntd:mce wjth Finahda1 Rq,01.tir1.g Stand:ard l02 (FRS -W2) fas:ucd by 
the Firmn;:ia1 Rcpuning C(Jttnc:il, a:n:d promuJg;;.ted fi-_n- use in fo:fand by Charte!'ed .Accounfams lrdand, 
The ftmctlotrnl cu11'rc11:cy ofT,(-!'ngnnrth Limited hconsidcred tn he U$J) b,~rnuse t}w,ds the currency of 
r:he ptfaiiixy ti.:onomic envitoru:ri!::n tin whkh tht: t6f'n/"ia11y oner:atei;. 
LO[,gnorth Limited meets the dcfo1ttion. of a tJ.llilifyfog entity unJ13\: HtS 102. and }ms t.hereforc taken 
:,dv:tntagc nf the dh:dosLtre c:xen1.1>tiocs 1M,ihhlc to i.t in respect of itt; separate fioaodal ~tntements, 
Lcin:gnmth L•i:nifod i:1 consolidated in .the ti,land,il st:itctYJcnts of its· ultirmnc parent, Br .. wm Y,rrn,1,m 
Cr.;rporatkin, which [{fl;:; avaih,hlc {mm. the Cornr,an.k~ House, 850 Di:xk H.igh'i\'ll}', Lou:lsville, K.cntutky, 
40210. Extmptions have been takc:r1 in these scparatr:: t:omt)any fm,mchtl statements ln tehttion to 
fitmndat in:sminlems, pr.c~tnts1thh of ft cr.1sh t1nw r;1,tt:emcnt, key i:nr,nage11:1ent compet1satk,n am.l rnhi"ed 
p,,r::y trnnsactlom;, 
i2 

Longnotth Limited 
Notes to the financial statem.ents (continued) 
for the financial year e11ded 30 April 2018 
Going con'--ero 
TI1t profit ,1:nd hss acco•.mt s1mw~ that the cnmpany genernte<l a lo&s after t:;r:,::;,t!on of DS$26,000 (2017; 
US$l 5,000) · and ,he hafa;_1ce ::;heet shmss ne·cc1.1rren1,, :ll.~,sr,1:r,. 
net ct1rrcnt ~sscts .uf 
US$29'9,B99JJ!X.~.'f:he uitimatc pan:nt comp:ir1y hm; inditattd t!Ht it \vill provide tlw tJcceRsmy f.irnir1cfal 
supp<)l't t<) cn:tble thi:; company to contlpuc ]ts exisring scilc d ope1t,t1e,ns fot :a t,,ctiod M i1t fo,%t 12 
n10ntl1~ frurn the chte of sig,11kg c,f the: financfal s t;J:tt;inents. The di r.ect(rts ate tli:ertfore: satist:cd as tu. the 
;tppropri-atenei;s of the going c(,nccm b:i.~i's nf t10::cjJJJJ:tit1g. 
Pitrn.t,da1 Insttnmcn:ts 
P1n,rndal asset~ and financial ii;tbilitics arc. recr:ignistd whci:, the ci)mf,u:ny becomes :~ pi1rty to the 
cqntt·acti.lal t•roilsions of the inst:.':Urn.ent. 
Finaridal liabilities and equity instnlil1ci1ts are das:;ificd ,1tco'rding· to the s1;:bst0.nf~e Qf the cDntract11at 
atrangen,entH entered into, An equity insuument i:1,my contnir::.t tiutl c,-,ldtm:es ~,reBMn,,l interest io the 
ai;sets of the ,~(irrip,my afucr decfocting allnfit;; liabilities. 
Ali firnind;J :i:ssct:; and !iabilitfcs ate iniffo!iy measured at tf:;rn;c;,iccir)n price Qndi:i,Hngt1·Msm:::tion costs), 
ecxcept fot thm:-e flna6cfal "~''"''· '-""''·"'""u as at fafr 
.tfaough profit or loss, which Hre initially 
measm.'ed :~t fair valne (which i~ nonnally iJfr h:'ansactfon prk:t exchiding tt:insiu::ciof1 
11ribi,~ the 
,1trange1:ne:r1t consti:t•.1te~ "HnandrJgtnmsacr.ion. If,u1 ::irrnng,'l:m~s1t rntl~d.tute~ ,t firi,iricingttr,n:r,m::tbn, tht 
fina:ncitu ar,setor firmndal.liability is m~ai;,,md at the pr1;:st,nt v,,lue of the foturi:: prtymcnts disco.unt;_:d it :, 
matket .ratt -e:if intetc~t fot r,. ~imibr debt inst1·1mie11t. 
Fjnancfal assets :uidlfabilir.les art, only offset in the stuttJ:i1ent 1.,f fioandRl p;>r;itfon when, at,d ortly·,vhen 
thr:re exists fj Iega!iy cnfotccnble i'lght to set off the rewgnfoed an,o,mts :,nd the corripmiy "intends. t'ii.hct 
to settle u-n ,. net basi~, or to H:a1lse the asset and setfk the liabilixy si11)\.t!t;mmt1sly, 
Financi:ll assets. :J.fe 1.foteco£~nised when and 01:ily ~ibtn ,i) the contt}1ciual tights to O,c cash flows frmu the 
fai,anc:isil ,lHS.e:t expire Ol' n,-e s,:ttkd, b) the coi,ntmny trangfr:ts to another t:-i;my snbstantiaJJy all nf the rl;:;ks 
~nd hl:NHtds o:f t'..iWnt~fship r1fthc financfal 11sse:t, or c) the comp:my, despite having nct::tim:d some, but not 
all, sign:iflrnnt tis ks and rtw'atds of O\Vricrship, has trnmfr~i:red ctmvr:,l of the as~ct w another p:nti)'. 
Hh.incbi liabilities :ixe dcn,cng12ised on.ly when the obHgatioD ~pn::ff.ied in the rnntrncl is dlschatgd, 
cam:dlcd o:.- e-xpire~. 
hwetifmcnts 
Investmentsin suhskUades ,tnd ,1ssoi:hltes arc t~1ea$nred at_{:ost k:S.& impairme.t1t. 

L-ongnorth Limited 
Notes to the fhrn.ndal statements (continued) 
for the financial year ended 30 Aptil 2018 
lmpaitment of Assets 
Asst~ts, cithi:,:i: than tho:,e 111e,rsu;red at faix vid11c:, art ;,sse!',std for indic:arot~ of impairment at e,idi babrncc 
she:e:t date, If t.here is ohjettiyc: c.--,;~dtTlCG oUmµa:itrnent, r.:n impairment Joss is tecngnfaed in_profit otbss 
m; dc~ccihcd bdow 
l';J()1i-tlt1£! □<:if!J flS$eJq 
Afl asset is 1mpttin:d whde there ls 
evidenu: trrnt, :ls ,l- rcsnlt of one ot more twnt~ that 
o:tcuned Afrct jrurial rec/igriitfot.i,- th(; ;~sti:rf13tcd rctqver:iple value of the ,iSSet h:r,s been reduced· to bdO\v 
lrs c;lrrying amount. Jht", :r<::1cover:~ble- ,i:roount of an .a%tt is the: hlgh.tr ofkc; fa.it v,1lt1t .less costr, to sell 
and its vlilue>i.n u,;e. 
Where indicr,tot~ exist fot a dec).ease in impair..:.11fot Jos5; the prier itnpidrment Jo~R is tested w de:tet111ini:'. 
revers;tl. An imp3irtnts:1t.loss is reversed 
imJj,,frhml irnpairtd asset m [he extent that th,: revised 
t6coverahk vali.1e does npt ka{l to :3 
~:a:nying r1mo.unt higher thnn the i,,c1xrying valwo had no 
impairment been i-erngrii~ed. 
Finandal asS>ets 
lf anhc et-id ofthe 1-c:porting peri1;d, thei:e is ohiecti,,ecvkfonctof imp;1}t-rnet1t (indt,ding c.ib8etvribk data 
:tbcmt loss eve:t,B), ffit.ton111,myrccrignisr;s an imp,tin:ncnt los;,; inproflr or J.osshnmedfately. For financial 
asset~ cm:ticd at arnotti~ed cost, the amonnt ofimpail:n1e11r is the difference htt\veen the asset's r.,Hrty1ng 
amount and the p1:,:.sent valw;, nf estjrnatnl .fi.rtw:e cash 
d.isconnt.ed i,t the J.ii.1:11icfoJ. ,is:set's 6rigina1 
cftecth,e iritf:r.m;ttatt. 
Foi• fi.11.an.dal -rt&Sets. c:i.rrkd at co:.,t less impairme1.i:t1 the b-:ir,altmcnt k,,;s is the difli:~rc:net~ bet.,veen the 
as~ct's 
ari.wuf,t at1d tli:e be.st esti111.at1:: of the ,1nmu:~t that \V(.wld be recdvcd G::,r: the r1sset if it wer{: 
\Xfhei'emditators ex.i3t for a ckctea1,e in impai-rn1enth>~~, and 1hc decrease ,w1-he rdatc:d ohjectivelr to m1 
event occtn:dng ;;,fret the impalrn,em was n,cognised, i_ht pilot :1np,i.lnncnt loss is tested to dnen1tlne 
teve:.csaL Ari .i:n,p11im1ent lc>s6 h tcYtWS(:d on an indhrldufll impaired financial ~1s~f't ti, the t':¼'.tei1t tfrnnhe: 
t,:;vjscd retoven~ble ,T:i:lm'. doe~ il(>t lead to~ revised can-ying amount. highei: tJ.mu the o,n-ying value hzd 
no irnpalrmcnt been J'tcognlsc<l. 
Foreign. currencies 
i\1,sets and lfablJjties ?11-c di::norn.in::ited ir1to US DolJatrs rtt th~ rares nf cxthnr;i,,tt: nilirig; f.tt foe .ix1bnct>shec-t 
dnte. ·Trnnsactic.-,q.;; denominated in foreign rnffct,des 
tbi:: finaf!f:h!- year. :tn~ tratrnlated inw 1JS 
Dr>llats at tfw l}tks ,1f;::x,~h1111ge rnling on the dates on Whic1i 
tr,\nsacth:m5 occurred, Profits and losses 
on thl:'.se tunsacdons ;u:e deitlfwitl:1 through the prnfl.t an,i los:i :<CcCiutH. 
Th<~ ,,harg,: fot tax,it.ion ls ba:;ed on the profit fnr the ye,ir; Dcfcrrcd tnxntion is cnkulatcJ on the 
diffcrcnces- bet--veen the cotnpmiy's tax:>\ble pmflts and tht te-r,ults as. stated in the Hn,tt"ic.t~J ,;t.'ltetnents that 
~,rise fr!:.:irn tbe inclmio.n o:fgafos and. lnsses Jh tr~:X :i.~sessmcrits in periods differd1t fro.111 those in which 
th1cy ar.e recn_gr.u_zb::l 1n d-1e fo1a.ncir,l stntt:m:ents. 

Longnorth Limited 
Notes to the financial statements ( continued) 
for the financial year en.ded 30 April 2018 
2 
Critical Accounti11g J udgernents and Key Sources nf Esdrn:ation 
U nce:rtainty 
In the>,l:l)plicadon "'f th,! Cr:>:tnpariy's act1'::>unting po!idcs, whk:h ;m~ de~cr1bed in note 1, the: dirtcton; ate 
requited to make judgeme:t1ts; c~dmiltr:s and :fJ;S8!_anpfams ,Jl-.iout .the carrying an1out1ts of a;i8et.s ,1:nd 
lfabiJldes that are not teadily apparent frpm othtl' sc)n!'ce~, 'lfo:: estimates and issocb.i:ed aJ;sun.1pti6rls are 
h1ised on hlsto1·ifal tx1x:ttern:e i1n,J t;thct fac:to:rs that .u:rc comidercd ln be rekvnnt. Actual re~i_dts may 
cliffor from h"lfse ei;ttri,ates. T'he estimates ;;nd u,hi.ktlyir;gaH:.-umt>tjnns ,,tt i:evie1vcd on an c,ngrnng h,,~ii:, 
Rcvislcri1s r.o aq;ounting estimates ate re,;ogniscd in the perind in \vhich the .i:stimi1.te is rcvh:d if the 
r:e,,}sion affect:; only tki'!t pcr.k,d 
1-.ieriod pf the rctlskm and ti:nure pe.dods if the tevfok,n :tffects 
both cnrt.ent and Future l:if.Jci,)ds. 
The:re: wtcre neither cdti.c,11 acrmnidng csthrnites nor 8:1,!];nltfomt :udgcinr:nJ:r; used in the pi-ep:tration nf 
thc~t .. linanda1 i,t;1.id11cnts. 
3 
Loss on ordinary activities before t~xation 
This is S:tatc;d ~fter charging/(ctedit1r'>g): 
Directors' peirsion 
DircctQts' _tscnmnerntion 
2JJJB 
US$
1000 
4 
'fhe d.iter'.turs dt'l nn.r tccehre any remtmt~rntfonfor their fotmal wit a:s clire:ctor rJfthe cf.nnr,any. 
4 
Taxation 
2017 
US$'f300 
{1) 
The cor.npany did not. incur ,u:ir corporatioil t.i};_ ch1ril1P,: the fin:a..t1dru year. The t~oiYi.p,my ts t,\K reiddc:ntin 
Hen1:1.n,Ja ,vhe:r:e tht:: st,1n<la:rd r.3.te c,fcnt_pi,ra r.ioi1 tax is 0%. 
Losx on otdinary .i:dvitit·s multlplwdby the rntc of corptin,tion tax foi' th;, 
fin.!:tidal ycai' (Sf 0'}'ii 
EJfects of; 
f-ix.{:n,pt losses 
Cutrent t,q;: d-rnrge for the. Unanci:tl year 
5 
St~iff rnembcrs and costs 
1 fj 
201.8 
US$'000 
(26) 
2017 

Longnorth Litnited 
Notes to the financial statements ( continued) 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2018 
6 
F:itiandal assets 
Tnver,.trnent in suhsirJhtics 
Invesrme1.1t in a~~~ochtc 
lnvestmendn snbsidiat:l-es 
,ind dor;ing b,ilances 
2018 
US$ 1000 
(i,617 
6,617 
6,617 
20f] 
US$'000 
6,617 
6,617 
The frwewnent in a.si.mcbxe repres.e:1t~ a 20% 5bareholdlng iti Ed:w;:ird DiJkm & Cti Lhnhed. The 
Ya1ue ,:)f the 
invec:tmc:ntis½em bet:ause dutingtbt,yt::.if e.ndcd JO Apdl 20:!3 an irnpainncnt ios,was iX'.cogrJf.cd in fi.1H it1 tc:;;pc:ctMthe 
invc~tmcnt. 
l:twestr:nen t:s in subs.id fades 
2018 
Clintock Liri,ited 
BFC Teq~1il:i Lhnitt:d 
2iJ17 
ClbtodcLin1ited 
BFC Tequila Lirr1ited 
Activity 
Cu:nently bdrJg }jqnidattd 
.Alcoholic 
111arkcting 
Ciir:re.r,tiy beiilg liq11idatt:d 
ii.ktih:;Jii:: drink, n,.1J'kering 
Sharelmlding 
10fWo 
100% 
100% 
100°/r, 
Oil 29th of Augt1st, 2018, fl Vt,hint:uy stdkt off waf. filed for Clintbck Limited, Tht dhectMs of the company do not 
coi1sidet necessMy to tecpgcise ttn in.1pai.rme;1t kiss in re~per.t of the company's iiwcstn1tr1t. in {]in tock Limited. 
Ciintock Linutedand BPC Tequila Lltnited ,ire inco-11)01::ltc:d lnthe Republic: c;f lrda:nd. The registered nffke;s or ChntHck 
Limited and BI?C Ttx1ui.la Li.ti:uttd a1'e irt.Hstoru:y Hon~e, Bli:>ck -P7, Eust Point B11sjn,:sr:; P,u+,Fafrvie\v, Dnbifa 3. 
16 

Longnorth Lhrri.ted 
Notes to the financial statem.ents (continued) 
for the financial year ended 30 April 2018 
7 
Debtors 
Loan owed by gi:rmp cqmp31T\' 
2018 
US$'000 
300/)00 
2m7 
US$'000 
Joo,noo 
Jbek,nn tc- itn,np coi-r.1p.my i~ intel.'cest-fo:x: ~nd. is n:p:;iy:i.bk oii 
21126. 'Th,:re i1;. 1.10 (li'!.-,,.k111and fcaturt in the 
loan agn:ernent nnd con~equently this hHs been cla:;sifled .~s ,1 shnrt-t.r"rm debtor. 
8 
Creditors: at:n.ounts fallihg dne within one year 
Amoum:, owed t.o grotip c<>mixulie,; 
Accmai~ 
9 
Sh:cttc capital preseilted as. equity 
Anthodsed: 
1,0f.lO r.>.rclinm:y sh,-1.r.e;; of l:1.269738 each 
Eqtdvafont to US$ 
Allotted, .(;;1iled-up·.u11:cl fully paid 
.Equivalent to US$ 
10 
c~ipital contribution 
2018 
rnwooo 
2(118 
5 
1;i:-10 
MOO 
127 
2017 
US$'000 
98 
5 
103 
2017 
1,270 
1'27 
150 
'fhc rnip\h,i crintdbutfon represents an :1dd.il:iomil capital it1fos1nn nf US$300 tni!Horireceivr.d from the sh~reholder on 
25 rvfay 2{H6- ;;1.1d ~1dditbnd i:apitrJ JnFwsiori nf US$20U,0{10 ri::cdved from the sh:m:h.-,lder on 17 Novcmbe.r 20n. 
1:h(:rr: 18 no reqnirtment ()f obligation to tcp:ly the contrih1th:.1n~, 

Long-north .. Lirnite:d 
Notes to the financial statements ( continued) 
for the financhd year ended 30 April 2018 
11 
Related pa1'ty transactions 
The ci.)rnp;1.ny har, rn:ken advantage c,f tht exemption ui1der Sccticin 33 of FRS 102; 'ORelated :Party 
Disdn:;;nr.e"O, not to 
,1rty tl'itm;acci6nf'; ;vith o:thi':i'. Jtn:mp cornpr,nies on the lxisfa r.hat the: co:nsoJ.idated 
finn.m::ill.l !ltatc:rncnt:~ of the 1_1ltin1:atc: fJai:ent company an: publicly r:n1ilabk:. 
12 
Paret1t company 
The .immiccliate. p:11:ent Imde.1t,ikfrjg iin.d controlling party is An1en::,ait1 fllvestmi:,nts CV., f.\ llinited patmei'ship 
u,tahlishcd inTbr: :Necheclru.1cl::;, 
Tha .con1r.xu1y rq,,>irds Brown--Potwsm Corpotaci01J, a cOffJJJ,my 1nrnrporntcJ in d1c fJSI\., as lts ultimate 
p,m:'11t curi1p,inj' and co.ntmUing pai:1:y. The smaUe;,t and 
gi:01ip into \'d1kh tbe results .of the cornpr,tiy 
are consoHda:tcd is that headed Lw .Brown-.-Form,10 Ci..,rporntion. Copies of the Ein,ancii! :;mtem,ent-s <.if 
Hi:nwh0,Form:H'.l C61porn:tion ltC av,;ih1blc at FO Box 
.L,\/'W.Oi'·•lJ;<.,.n.,.,am .. ,,y 
US,\ 
18 

(Mark One) 
□ 
UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 
Form 10-K 
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2018 
OR 
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the transition period from _____ to ____ _ 
Delaware 
Commission File Number 001-00123 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
61-0143150 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
(IRS Employer Identification No.) 
850 Dixie Highway 
Louisville, Kentucky 
40210 
(Address of principal executive offices) 
(Zip Code) 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code (502) 585-1100 
Securities registered pursuant to Section l 2(b) of the Act: 
Title of each class 
Class A Common Stock (voting) $0.15 par value 
Class B Common Stock (nonvoting) $0.15 par value 
1.200% Notes due 2026 
Name of each exchange on which registered 
New York Stock Exchange 
New York Stock Exchange 
New York Stock Exchange 
2.600% Notes due 2028 
New York Stock Exchange 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 0 
No □ 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes □ No 0 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 
months ( or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
Yes 0 
No □ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and 
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
Yes 0 
No □ 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's 
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
0 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. 
See the definitions of"large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
Large accelerated filer 
Non-accelerated filer 
□ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
Accelerated filer 
Smaller reporting company 
Emerging growth company 
□ 
□ 
□ 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial 
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. □ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
Yes □ No 0 
The aggregate market value, as of the last business day of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter, of the voting and nonvoting equity held by nonaffiliates of the 
registrant was approximately $14,900,000,000. 
The number of shares outstanding for each of the registrant's classes of Common Stock on May 31, 2018, was: 
Class A Common Stock (voting) 
Class B Common Stock (nonvoting) 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
169,048,402 
312,063,220 
Portions of the Proxy Statement of Registrant for use in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held July 26, 2018, are incorporated by reference into Part III of 
this report. 

PART I 
Item 1. 
Item lA. 
Item lB. 
Item 2. 
Item 3. 
Item 4. 
PART II 
Item 5. 
Item 6. 
Item 7. 
Item 7A. 
Item 8. 
Item 9. 
Item 9A. 
Item 9B. 
PART III 
Item 10. 
Item 11. 
Item 12. 
Item 13. 
Item 14. 
PART IV 
Bvsiness 
Risk Factors 
Unresolved S,aff Comments 
Proper;,ies 
Le£_al Prnceedin_as 
Mine Safotv Disclosures 
Table of Contents 
~-.fork et for the Reg_istrant's Common Equi1y,Rela,ed Stockholder Nlatters,and ls:mer Purchases of Ecpity Secu:1ties 
Selected Financial Data 
[VIa,iag-ement's Discussion and Anal_ysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Ovantitative :md Q.iafoative Disclos·:ires abol:t Market Risk 
Fi,iancial Statementc: and Supnlernentmy Data 
Cl,anges in :md Disag_reernen,:, \\'ith Accountants on Accounting and Financial Di:;closure 
Controls and Procedures 
Other information 
Dtrectorc:, Execmive Officers. arid Cornora1e (fovetnance 
Execu11ve Compensation 
Security Ov,1fietship of Certain Be,1eficial Ovmers and Management a,1d Related Stockholder MaHers 
Cettain Relationshi.DS and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
Princiral A,.ccounting: Fees and Services 
Item 15. 
Exhibits and Financial Sta1ements Schedules 
Item 16. 
Fonn 10-K Smnmaiy 
SIGNATURES 
SCHEDULE H -- -valvation and Ci":ialifvi1w Acco:.mts 
2 
Page 
.4. 
12 
20 
21 
22 
22 
23 
25 
82 
82 
82 
83 
83 

Forward-Looking Statement Information. Certain matters discussed in this report, including the information presented in Part II under "Item 7. 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," contain statements, estimates, and projections that are "foiward-
looking statements" as defined under U.S. federal securities laws. Words such as "aim," "anticipate," "aspire," "believe," "can," "continue," "could," 
"envision," "estimate," "expect," "expectation," "intend," "may," "might," "plan," "potential," "project," "pursue," "see," "seek," "should," "will," "would," 
and similar words indicate foiward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date we make them. Except as required by law, we do not intend to update 
or revise any foiward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otheiwise. By their nature, foiward-looking statements 
involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors (many beyond our control) that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience 
or from our current expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I under "Item lA. Risk 
Factors" and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including: 
Unfavorable global or regional economic conditions and related low consumer confidence, high unemployment, weak credit or capital markets, budget 
deficits, burdensome government debt, austerity measures, higher interest rates, higher taxes, political instability, higher inflation, deflation, lower 
returns on pension assets, or lower discount rates for pension obligations 
Risks associated with being a U.S.-based company with global operations, including commercial, political, and financial risks; local labor policies and 
conditions; protectionist trade policies, or economic or trade sanctions, including potential retaliatory tariffs on American spirits; compliance with local 
trade practices and other regulations, including anti-corruption laws; terrorism; and health pandemics 
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly a stronger U.S. dollar 
Changes in laws, regulations, or policies - especially those that affect the production, importation, marketing, labeling, pricing, distribution, sale, or 
consumption of our beverage alcohol products 
Tax rate changes (including excise, sales, VAT, tariffs, duties, corporate, individual income, dividends, or capital gains) or changes in related reserves, 
changes in tax rules or accounting standards, and the unpredictability and suddenness with which they can occur 
The impact of the recently enacted U.S. tax reform legislation, including as a result of future regulations and guidance interpreting the statute 
Dependence upon the continued growth of the Jack Daniel's family ofbrands 
Changes in consumer preferences, consumption, or purchase patterns - particularly away from larger producers in favor of small distilleries or local 
producers, or away from brown spirits, our premium products, or spirits generally, and our ability to anticipate or react to them; legalization of 
marijuana use on a more widespread basis; shifts in consumer purchase practices from traditional to e-commerce retailers; bar, restaurant, travel, or other 
on-premise declines; shifts in demographic or health and wellness trends; or unfavorable consumer reaction to new products, line extensions, package 
changes, product reformulations, or other product innovation 
Decline in the social acceptability of beverage alcohol in significant markets 
Production facility, aging warehouse, or supply chain disruption 
Imprecision in supply/demand forecasting 
Higher costs, lower quality, or unavailability of energy, water, raw materials, product ingredients, labor, or finished goods 
Route-to-consumer changes that affect the timing of our sales, temporarily disrupt the marketing or sale of our products, or result in higher fixed costs 
Inventory fluctuations in our products by distributors, wholesalers, or retailers 
Competitors' and retailers' consolidation or other competitive activities, such as pricing actions (including price reductions, promotions, discounting, 
couponing, or free goods), marketing, category expansion, product introductions, or entry or expansion in our geographic markets or distribution 
networks 
Risks associated with acquisitions, dispositions, business partnerships, or investments - such as acquisition integration, termination difficulties or costs, 
or impairment in recorded value 
Inadequate protection of our intellectual property rights 
Product recalls or other product liability claims, or product counterfeiting, tampering, contamination, or quality issues 
Significant legal disputes and proceedings, or government investigations 
Failure or breach of key information technology systems 
Negative publicity related to our company, brands, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects 
Failure to attract or retain key executive or employee talent 
Our status as a family "controlled company" under New York Stock Exchange rules, and our dual class share structure 
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information. Certain matters discussed in this report, including the information presented in Part II under "Item 7. 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," include measures that are not measures of financial performance 
under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for any 
measure derived in accordance with GAAP, and also may be inconsistent with similarly titled measures presented by other companies. In Part II under "Item 7. 
Management's Discussion 
3 

and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," we present the reasons we use these measures under the heading, "Non-GAAP Financial 
Measures," and we reconcile these measures to the most closely comparable GAAP measures under the heading "Results of Operations - Year-Over-Year 
Comparisons." 
Item 1. Business 
Overview 
PART I 
Brown-Forman Corporation (the "Company," "Brown-Forman," "we," "us," or "our" below) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 
1933, successor to a business founded in 1870 as a partnership and later incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky in 1901. We 
primarily manufacture, bottle, import, export, market, and sell a wide variety of alcoholic beverages under recognized brands. We employ over 4,800 people 
on six continents, including approximately 1,300 people in Louisville, Kentucky, USA, home of our world headquarters. We are the largest American-owned 
spirits and wine company with global reach. We are a "controlled company" under New York Stock Exchange rules because the Brown family owns more 
than 50% of our voting stock. Additionally, taking into account ownership of shares of our non-voting stock, the Brown family controls more than 50% of 
the economic ownership in Brown-Forman. 
For a discussion ofrecent developments, see "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -
Executive Summary." 
Brands 
Beginning in 1870 with Old Forester Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whisky - our founding brand - and spanning the generations since, we have built a 
portfolio of more than 40 spirit, ready-to-drink (RTD) cocktail, and wine brands that includes some of the best-known and most-loved trademarks in our 
industry. The most important brand in our portfolio is Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, which is the fourth-largest spirits brand of any kind and the largest 
American whiskey brand in the world, according to Impact Databank's "Top 100 Premium Spirits Brands Worldwide" list. Among the top five premium 
spirits brands on the list, Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey was the only one to grow volume in each of the past five years. In its fifth year on the Worldwide 
Impact list, Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey was recognized as a top 15 growth brand and remains the second-largest-selling flavored whiskey. Our other 
leading global brands on the Worldwide Impact list are Finlandia, which is the tenth-largest-selling vodka; Canadian Mist, which is the fourth-largest-selling 
Canadian whisky; and el Jimador, which is the fifth-largest-selling tequila and designated as an Impact "Hot Brand." Additionally, Woodford Reserve was 
once again selected as an Impact "Hot Brand." 1 
Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey 
Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey 
Jack Daniel's RTDs 
Gentleman Jack Rare Tennessee Whiskey 
Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire 
Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Collection2 
Jack Daniel's Tennessee Rye3 
Jack Daniel's Sinatra Select 
Jack Daniel's Winter Jack 
Jack Daniel's No. 27 Gold Tennessee Whiskey 
Woodford Reserve Kentucky Bourbon 
Woodford Reserve Double Oaked 
Woodford Reserve Kentucky Rye Whiskey 
Finlandia Vodkas 
Korbel California Champagnes4 
Korbel California Brandy4 
1Impact Databank, March 2018. 
Principal Brands 
el Jimador Tequilas 
el Jimador New Mix R TDs 
Herradura Tequilas 
Sonoma-Cutrer California Wines 
Canadian Mist Canadian Whisky 
GlenDronach Single Malt Scotch Whisky 
BenRiach Single Malt Scotch Whisky 
Glenglassaugh Single Malt Scotch Whisky 
Chambord Liqueur 
Old Forester Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whisky 
Old Forester Whiskey Row Series 
Early Times Kentucky Whisky and Bourbon 
Pepe Lopez Tequila 
Antigua Tequila 
Slane Irish Whiskey 
Coopers' Craft Kentucky Bourbon 
2The Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Collection includes Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Select, Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Barrel Proof, Jack 
Daniel's Single Barrel Rye, and Jack Daniel's Single Barrel 100 Proof. 
3New brand launched in September 2017. 
4While Korbel is not an owned brand, we sell Korbel products under contract in the United States and other select markets. 
See "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Fiscal 2018 Brand 
Highlights" for brand performance details. 
Our vision in marketing is to be the best brand builders in the industry. We build our brands by investing in programs that we believe create enduring 
connections with our consumers. These programs cover a wide spectrum of activities, including media (TV, radio, print, outdoor, and, increasingly, digital 

and social), consumer and trade promotions, sponsorships, and homeplace programs at our distilleries and our winery. We expect to grow our sales and profits 
by consistently delivering creative, responsible marketing programs that drive brand recognition, brand trial, brand loyalty, and, ultimately, consumer 
demand around the world. 
Markets 
We sell our products in over 1 70 countries around the world. The United States, our most important market, accounted for 4 7% of our net sales in fiscal 
2018. Our largest international markets include the United Kingdom,Australia, Mexico, Germany, France, Poland, Russia, Brazil, and Canada. In fiscal 2018, 
we generated 53% of our net sales outside the United States compared to 56% in fiscal 2014. The United States proportion of net sales grew from fiscal 2014 
to fiscal 2016 then stayed constant in fiscal 201 7, mainly due to the negative effect of foreign exchange on our international business. We present the 
percentage of total net sales by geographic area for our most recent five fiscal years below: 
International: 
Australia 
Total International 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
Percentage of Total Net Sales by Geographic Area 
2014 
2015 
6% 
56% 
Year ended April 3 0 
2016 
6% 
5% 
54% 
52% 
2017 
2018 
5% 
5% 
52% 
53% 
For details about net sales in our largest markets, see "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
- Fiscal 2018 Market Highlights." For details about our reportable segment and for additional geographic information about net sales and long-lived assets, 
see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." For details on risks related to our global 
operations, see "Item lA. Risk Factors." 
Distribution Network and Customers 
Our distribution network, which we sometimes refer to as our "route-to-consumer" (RTC), takes a variety of forms, depending on (a) a market's laws and 
regulatory framework for trade in beverage alcohol, (b) our assessment of a market's long-term attractiveness and competitive dynamics, (c) the relative 
profitability of distribution options available to us, (d) the structure of the retail and wholesale trade in a market, and (e) our portfolio's development stage in 
a market. As these factors change, we evaluate our R TC strategy and, from time to time, adapt our model. 
In the United States, which generally prohibits spirits and wine manufacturers from selling their products directly to consumers, we sell our brands either 
to distributors or (in states that directly control alcohol sales) to state governments that then sell to retail customers and consumers. 
Outside the United States, we use a variety of RTC models, which can be grouped into three categories: owned distribution, partner, and government-
controlled markets. We own and operate distribution companies in 14 markets: Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Czechia, France, Germany, Hong Kong, 
Korea, Mexico, Poland, Spain, Thailand, and Turkey. In these markets, and in a large portion of the Travel Retail channel, we sell our products directly to 
retailers, to wholesalers, or, in Canada, to provincial governments. Over the past decade, we began distribution operations in multiple markets outside the 
United States, as shown in the table below. 
4 

Recent Route-to-Consumer Changes 
Fiscal year 
2011 
2012 
2014 
2018 
Germany 
Brazil 
Turkey 
France 
Spain 
Market 
In the United Kingdom, we partner in a cost-sharing arrangement with another supplier, Bacardi Limited, to sell a portfolio of both companies' brands. 
In many other markets, including Russia, Japan, Italy, and South Africa, we rely on others to distribute our brands, generally under fixed-term distribution 
contracts. 
We believe that our customer relationships are good. We believe our exposure to concentrations of credit risk is limited due to the diverse geographic 
areas covered by our operations. 
Seasonality 
Holiday buying makes the fourth calendar quarter (generally, our third fiscal quarter) the peak season for our business. Approximately 31 %, 30%, and 
31 % of our net sales for fiscal 2016, fiscal 201 7, and fiscal 2018, respectively, were in the fourth calendar quarter. 
Competition 
Trade information indicates that we are one of the largest global suppliers of premium spirits. According to International Wine & Spirit Research 
(IWSR), for calendar year 2017, the ten largest global spirits companies controlled less than 20% of the total global market for spirits (on a volume basis). 
While we believe that the overall market environment offers considerable growth opportunities for us, our industry is now, and will remain, highly 
competitive. We compete against many global, regional, and local brands in a variety of categories of beverage alcohol, but our brands compete primarily in 
the industry's premium-and-higher price categories. Our competitors include major global spirits and wine companies, such as Bacardi Limited, Becle S.A.B. 
de C.V., Beam Suntoiy Inc., Davide Campari-Milano S.p.A., Diageo PLC, LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE, Pernod Ricard SA, and Remy Cointreau. 
In addition, particularly in the United States, we increasingly compete with national companies and craft spirit brands, many of which are recent entrants to 
the industry. 
Brand recognition, brand provenance, quality of product and packaging, availability, flavor profile, and price affect consumers' choices among 
competing brands in our industry. Several factors influence consumers' buying decisions, including: advertising; promotions; merchandising in bars, 
restaurants, and shops; expert or celebrity endorsement; social media and word of mouth; and the timing and relevance of new product introductions. 
Although some competitors have substantially greater resources than we do, we believe that our competitive position is strong, particularly as it relates to 
brand recognition, quality, availability, and relevance of new product introductions. 
Ingredients and Other Supplies 
The principal raw materials used in manufacturing and packaging our distilled spirits, liqueurs, R TD products, and wines are shown in the table below. 
Distilled Spirits 
Agave 
Barley 
Com 
Malted barley 
Rye 
Sugar 
Water 
Wood 
Liqueurs 
Flavorings 
Neutral spirits 
Sugar 
Water 
Whiskey 
Wine 
Principal Raw Materials 
RTD Products 
Flavorings 
Malt 
Neutral spirits 
Sugar 
Tequila 
Water 
Whiskey 
1Polyethylene terephthalate (PET) is a polymer used in non-glass containers. 
5 
Grapes 
Wood 
Wines 
Packaging 
Aluminum cans 
Cartons 
Closures 
Glass bottles 
Labels 
PET1 bottles 

Currently, none of these raw materials are in short supply, but shortages could occur. From time to time, our agricultural ingredients (agave, barley, 
com, grapes, malted barley, and rye) could be adversely affected by weather and other forces out of our control that might constrain supply. 
Whiskeys, certain tequilas, and other distilled spirits must be aged. Because we must schedule production years in advance to meet future demand for 
these products, our inventories of them may be larger in relation to sales and total assets than in many other businesses. 
For details on risks related to the unavailability of raw materials and the inherent uncertainty in forecasting supply and demand, see "Item lA. Risk 
Factors." 
Intellectual Property 
Our intellectual property rights include trademarks, copyrights, proprietary packaging and trade dress, proprietary manufacturing technologies, know-
how, and patents. Our intellectual property, especially our trademarks, is essential to our business. We register our trademarks broadly - some of them in 
every country where registration is possible. We register others where we sell or expect to sell our products. We protect our intellectual property rights 
vigorously but fairly. We have licensed some of our trademarks to third parties for use with services or on products other than alcoholic beverages, which we 
believe enhances the awareness and protection of our brands. 
For details on risks related to the protection of our intellectual property, see "Item lA. Risk Factors." For details on our most important brands, see 
"Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis ofFinancial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Fiscal 2018 Brand Highlights." 
Regulatory Environment 
Federal, state, local, and foreign authorities regulate how we produce, store, transport, distribute, and sell our products. Some countries and local 
jurisdictions prohibit or restrict the marketing or sale of distilled spirits in whole or in part. 
In the United States, at the federal level, the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury regulates the spirits and 
wine industry with respect to the production, blending, bottling, labeling, sales, advertising, and transportation of beverage alcohol. Similar regulatory 
regimes exist at the state level and in most non-U.S. jurisdictions where we sell our products. In addition, beverage alcohol products are subject to customs 
duties or excise taxation in many countries, including taxation at the federal, state, and local level in the United States. 
Laws of each nation define distilling and maturation requirements; for example, under U.S. federal and state regulations, bourbon and Tennessee 
whiskeys must be aged in new charred oak barrels; we typically age our whiskeys three to six years. Canadian whisky must be manufactured in Canada in 
compliance with Canadian laws. Mexican authorities regulate the production and bottling of tequilas; they mandate minimum aging periods for extra anejo 
(three years), anejo (one year), and reposado (two months) tequilas. Irish whiskey must be matured at least three years in a wood cask, such as oak, on the 
island oflreland. Scotch whisky must be matured in oak casks for at least three years in Scotland. We comply with all of the above laws and regulations. 
Our operations are subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations, and our policy is to comply with them. 
6 

Strategy 
Eight years ago, we introduced our "Brown-Forman 150" long-term strategy, focused on driving sustainable growth toward our 150th anniversary in 
2020. The B-F Arrow articulates our core principles: our purpose as well as the vision, values, and behaviors that we expect our employees to embrace and 
exhibit. 
These core principles are a constant, powerful means of connecting our stakeholders to our shared vision of "Building Forever," and we continue to 
refresh our strategies to reflect current realities and look beyond 2020. The strategic ambitions described below both demonstrate a sustained focus on several 
drivers ofourrecent growth and acknowledge today's emerging opportunities. 
We seek to build brands and businesses that create shareholder value - ones that deliver strong and long-term sustainable growth, solid margins, and 
high returns on invested capital. In addition, given our growing size and scale, we focus on building brands that can be meaningful for our company over 
time. Our first priority is to innovate and grow our premium spirits portfolio organically. But as opportunities arise, we will consider acquisitions and 
partnerships that meet our rigorous quantitative and qualitative criteria. 
The Jack Daniel's family of brands, led by Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey (JDTW), remains our most valuable asset and the engine that drives our 
global leadership of the American whiskey category 1 and our overall financial performance. We will always work to keep JDTW strong, healthy, and relevant 
to consumers worldwide and to take advantage of the abundant opportunities to grow the Jack Daniel's family of brands across markets, premium price 
points, channels, and consumer groups. Product innovation has become a meaningful contributor to our performance in recent years. New Jack Daniel's 
expressions - Honey (2011 ), Fire (2015), and Rye (201 7) - have led innovation in the American whiskey category. 
We are the global leader in American whiskey, and see significant opportunities to continue promoting the mixability, versatility, accessibility, and 
premiumization of our American whiskey brands around the world. We believe that we can leverage our whiskey-making knowledge, production assets, 
trademarks, and brand-building skills to accomplish this objective. We will focus first on the global growth of our most important expression, JDTW, though 
with a heightened focus on the super-premium expressions within the trademark - namely, Gentleman Jack, Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Collection, and Jack 
Daniel's Tennessee Rye. In addition, we expect to continue generating excellent growth with our other whiskey brands around the world, particularly 
Woodford Reserve and Old Forester. We believe Woodford Reserve is the leading super-premium American whiskey globally. Old Forester is regaining its 
prominence in the United States and in select international markets through its unparalleled taste, quality, and the success of its high-end expressions, such as 
the Old Forester Whiskey Row Series and Old Forester Statesman. 
In 201 7, we unveiled our Slane Irish Whiskey brand in Ireland, select Travel Retail locations, and in select markets across the United States, the United 
Kingdom, and Australia. The distillery and homeplace were completed this past year, and we are very encouraged by the brand's early performance and the 
accolades the brand, whiskey, and package have received. 
1IWSR, 2017 data. 
7 

Through our acquisition of The BenRiach Distillery Company Limited in June 2016, we added three world-class single malt Scotch whisky brands in 
The GlenDronach, BenRiach, and Glenglassaugh. Following the integration of the acquired business, we have continued to evolve the portfolio and 
geographic strategy to ensure our single malt portfolio is positioned to become a meaningful contributor and a significant competitor in the fast growing 
single malt category over the longer term. Here again, we are very encouraged by the trade and consumer reception to the brands and the whisky. 
Fiscal 2017 marked the ten-year anniversary of our acquisition of Casa Herradura, a portfolio led by two brands steeped in Mexican heritage -
Herradura and el Jimador. We remain pleased with the development of our tequila business in both Mexico and the United States, the brands' two primary 
markets. We plan to continue expanding Herradura tequila to reach new consumers in Mexico, the United States, and other high-potential markets. In 
addition to the success of the brand's core expressions, Herradura Ultra - an ultra-premium cristalino - continues to accelerate and surpassed 70,000 nine-liter 
cases in fiscal 2018. After repositioning el Jimador tequila as a more premium brand in Mexico, we remain encouraged by our prospects for long-term, 
profitable growth there. Outside Mexico, we have nearly quadrupled el Jimador's volumes since fiscal 2008. We remain confident in el Jimador's potential to 
improve its position among the world's leading tequila brands as the category continues to develop rapidly in the United States and to expand (though more 
gradually) internationally. 
Finlandia, the tenth-largest-selling vodka in the world, 1 is also prominent in several of the world's largest vodka markets, such as Poland, Russia, 
Ukraine, and Czechia. We plan to grow Finlandia where its position is strong, including in its largest market, Poland, where Finlandia accounts for one out of 
every two bottles of imported vodka sold.2 
The United States remains our largest market, and continuing to grow there is important to our long-term success. We expect to foster this growth by 
emphasizing fast-growing spirits categories such as super-premium whiskeys and tequilas, continued product and packaging innovation, and brand building 
within growing consumer segments (with increasing emphasis on multicultural marketing). 
Over the last two decades, our business outside the United States has generally grown faster than our business within it. Fiscal 2018 saw a return to this 
trend after a few years of suppressed international growth driven by the negative effect of foreign exchange. Our ability to achieve our long-term growth 
objectives requires further development of our business globally, especially in emerging markets. We expect to continue to grow our business in developed 
markets such as France, Germany, Australia, and the United Kingdom. We will continue to pursue RTC strategies that will expand our access to and 
understanding of consumers, with the most recent example being the establishment of our owned distribution organization in Spain, the world's tenth largest 
whiskey market,2 during the summer of 201 7. In addition, we expect increasingly significant contributions to our growth from emerging markets including 
Mexico, Poland, Turkey, Brazil, China, Russia, Southeast Asia, Africa, Latin America, and Eastern Europe. 
We believe that having a long-term-focused, committed, engaged shareholder base, anchored by the Brown family, gives us an important strategic 
advantage, particularly in a business with aged products and multi-generational brands. For nearly 150 years, the Company and the Brown family have been 
committed to preserving Brown-Forman as a thriving, family-controlled, independent company. 
Recognizing the strong cash-generating capacity and the capital efficiency of our business, we will continue to pursue what we believe to be well-
balanced capital deployment strategies aimed at perpetuating Brown-Forman's strength and independence. 
Corporate Responsibility 
In pursuing the objectives described above, we will strive to be responsible in everything we do. Our history of responsibility began in 1870, when our 
founder, George Garvin Brown, first sold whiskey in glass bottles to ensure quality and safety - an innovation some might consider the first act of corporate 
responsibility in the industry. Today, achieving our stated business purpose, to "enrich the experience of life," is possible only within a context of corporate 
responsibility. This means putting our values in action by promoting responsible consumption of alcohol; providing a healthy, safe, inclusive, and engaging 
workplace; protecting the environment; and making a positive contribution to our communities. 
Values-Driven Organization. The foundation of our culture is our core values: Integrity, Trust, Respect, Teamwork, and Excellence. Our employee 
engagement survey responses demonstrate that we not only state these words as our values, but we live them, too. Our values are reflected in our Code of 
Business Conduct that employees acknowledge and pledge to comply with. Additionally, in the spirit of teamwork, we use our values as one set of criteria 
when evaluating business partners. 
1Impact Databank, March 2018. 
2IWSR, 2017 data. 
8 

Alcohol Responsibility. Our business is based on the belief that beverage alcohol, consumed in moderation, can enrich the experience oflife. However, 
we are well aware that, when consumed irresponsibly, alcohol can have harmful effects on individuals and society. We appreciate the need for governments to 
regulate our industry appropriately and effectively, taking into account national circumstances and local cultures. We also appreciate that some people 
should not drink or choose not to drink, and we respect this choice. Acting in partnership with others, we want to be part of the solution to real, complex 
problems such as underage drinking, drunk driving, overconsumption, and alcoholism. 
As a significant player in the global beverage alcohol industry, we foster collective action with our peers. Working with other producers, we are able to 
leverage our views on a scale that can create change. In 201 7, we concluded our five-year program with 10 other industry leaders that signed the Beer, Wine, 
and Spirits Producers' Commitments to Reduce Harmful Drinking. Our collective progress on these commitments will be reported later in 2018 and can be 
seen at www.producerscommitments.org. 
Since 2009, we have hosted an open forum to share our points of view, post the research of outside experts, and encourage the opinions of others at 
www.OurThinkingAboutDrinking.com. In the past year, we have added information from contributors on a variety of alcohol-related subjects, including 
addiction and pregnancy, moderate consumption, and alcohol and aggression. 
In 201 7, Korbel partnered with the Dtyver designated driver service to provide more than 2,000 free designated drivers in 77 cities nationwide. In 
Poland we partnered with Carrefour, a large retailer chain, to deliver key responsibility messages to consumers across 90 of their stores. For the fourth 
consecutive year, the New Hampshire (NH) Liquor Commission and Jack Daniel's teamed up for the award-winning Live Free & Host Responsibly campaign. 
Since its launch in 2015, the campaign has reached thousands of NH Liquor & Wine Outlet customers, promoting responsible service and consumption of 
alcohol. This first-of-its-kind collaboration between a control state and a beverage alcohol company has become a model for the industry, gaining widespread 
attention and industry praise. We also continued to collaborate with the Responsible Retailing Forum, which brings together diverse stakeholders seeking to 
reduce underage sales, among other initiatives. In our consumer relationships, we seek to communicate through responsible advertising content and 
placement, relying on our comprehensive internal marketing code and adhering to industry marketing and advertising guidelines. We also engage with our 
customers through our trade associations. For example, we worked with Avec Moderation in France to engage convenience stores on underage drinking 
prevention. 
As part of our commitment to responsible marketing, and to enable consumers to make more informed decisions, in February 201 7 we launched a 
website, nutrition.brown-forman.com, providing nutritional information on our brands. Since then, we have added three additional markets and languages to 
the site, with plans to add four more in the coming year. 
We are founding members of, and contribute significant resources to, the Foundation for Advancing Alcohol Responsibility (responsibility.org), an 
organization created by spirits producers to prevent drunk driving and underage drinking and to promote responsible decision making. While this is a U.S. 
organization, we participate actively in similar organizations in other markets, such as Drink Wise in Australia, BSI in Germany, The Portman Group in the 
United Kingdom, and FISAC in Mexico. We also provide long-running support for alcohol education programs at the University of Louisville and the 
University of Kentucky (two major universities in the state of our corporate headquarters). In addition, through our corporate charitable contributions, we 
support organizations that offer treatment and recovery for those struggling with alcoholism and addiction. Our three anchor partners in Louisville, 
Kentucky, are The Healing Place, The Morton Center, and Volunteers of America Mid-States. In addition to our financial contributions, we support these 
organizations by having Brown-Forman employees serve on their boards of directors. 
Environmental Sustainability. We view environmental sustainability as integral to our strategy to perpetuate Brown-Forman and "Build Forever." Our 
environmental sustainability strategy aims to protect and conserve the resources we depend on. It also reinforces our business strategy through programs that 
reduce costs through efficiency, lessen risks to our operations, and improve effectiveness through innovation. We invest in renewable energy, energy 
efficiency, and efficient transportation to reduce our carbon footprint. In 2018, we executed a 15-year power purchase agreement for environmental attributes 
associated with the energy output from a wind farm facility located in Kansas. The wind farm is expected to generate the equivalent of more than 90% of 
Brown-Forman's annual electricity use in the United States. 
Mindful ofour overall impact, in fiscal 2014, we set ambitious environmental sustainability goals for fiscal 2023: reducing our absolute greenhouse gas 
emissions by 15% and reducing our water use and wastewater discharges per unit of product by 30% (compared to metrics in 2012). In addition, we set a goal 
of sending zero waste to landfills by 2020. These goals support our ambition to grow our brands and our company responsibly while protecting and enriching 
the natural environment. We have refreshed our strategy to include a greater focus beyond our operational borders into our supply chain. We report on our 
progress toward these goals in our biennial Corporate Responsibility Reports, available on our corporate website. 
Diversity, Inclusion, and Human Rights. We believe that having a diverse and inclusive workforce is central to our success. As we work to increase our 
brands' relevance and appeal to diverse consumer groups, we need a diversity of experiences and outlooks within our own workforce. We also want 
employees to feel comfortable in contributing their whole selves and different perspectives to their work. Over the past few years, we have made progress with 
diverse representation at the senior level. Four 
9 

women and one African American serve on our Board of Directors. Three members of our 13-member Executive Leadership Team are women and two are 
minorities. In 2018, we once again earned a perfect score of 100% in the Corporate Equality Index, a national benchmarking survey and report on corporate 
policies and practices related to LGBTQ workplace equality administered by the Human Rights Campaign. This makes us one of the "Best Places to Work for 
LGBTQ equality"1 in the United States for 
the eighth consecutive year. Our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) have been the core of our diversity culture by supporting employees' growth while 
enhancing their contributions. Our eight ERGs foster a diverse, inclusive environment that drives our high-commitment, high-performance organization and 
encourages our employees to bring their individuality to work. Our commitment to diversity extends to our partnerships with small and diverse suppliers. By 
2020, our goal is to source at least 16% of our procurement from businesses owned by ethnic minorities, women, LGBTQ persons, people with disabilities, 
and veterans. To date, we have procured approximately 11 % of our supplies from such businesses. 
In the marketplace, we focus on promoting fair, ethical business practices. We remain committed to the guidelines set forth in our Global Human Rights 
Statement, defining our commitment to respecting the fundamental rights of all human beings. Our work in this area helped inform our response to the U.K. 's 
passage of the Modem Slavety Act in 2015, which is available on our corporate website. 
Community Involvement. Our approach to philanthropy reflects our values as a corporate citizen. Brown-Forman believes, as a responsible and caring 
corporate citizen, it is vital that we give back to the communities that support both our employees and our business by thoughtfully deploying our time, 
talent, and resources. We collaborate with a variety of mission-driven organizations focused on enhancing intellectual and cultural living, ensuring essential 
living standards, and empowering responsible and sustainable living. While we focus on our hometown of Louisville, Kentucky, our civic engagement 
activities extend to the communities around the globe where our employees work, live, and raise their families. 
In fiscal 2018, we donated approximately $11 million, logged approximately 17,000 volunteer hours, and had 123 employees serve on boards of 
directors of 196 non-profit organizations. In addition, with the goal of helping fund our ongoing philanthropic endeavors in the communities where our 
employees live and work, we created the Brown-Forman Foundation with a contribution of$70 million in fiscal 2018. We anticipate that the Brown-Forman 
Foundation's proceeds will provide a consistent amount ofrevenue per year for its charitable giving program independent ofouryearly earnings. 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. We reviewed our corporate responsibility strategy against the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals, a set of 17 global goals designed to address a broad range of sustainable development issues from climate change to poverty and gender 
equality. Our review on where our work aligns with these goals is available in our 2017-2018 Corporate Responsibility Report (www.brown-
forman.com/responsibility). 
1Human Rights Campaign 2018 Corporate Equity Index at www.hrc.org/cei 
10 

Employees and Executive Officers 
As of April 30, 2018, we employed approximately 4,800 people worldwide (2,700 in the United States), including about 230 employed on a part-time 
or temporary basis. Approximately 14% of our employees are represented by a union. We believe our employee relations are good. 
The following persons serve as executive officers as of June 13, 2018: 
Name 
Jane C. Morreau 
59 
Mark I. Mccallum 
63 
Alejandro "Alex" Alvarez 
50 
Brian P. Fitzgerald 
45 
John Hayes 
58 
Mike Keyes 
57 
Available Information 
Principal 1uccuJ>at1ion and Business ;,'., 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2014. Senior Vice President, Chief Production Officer, and 
Head of Information Technology from 2013 to 2014. Senior Vice President and Director of Financial Management, 
Accounting, and Technology from 2008 to 2013. 
Executive Vice President and Chief Brands Officer since June 2018. Executive Vice President and President of Jack 
Daniel's Brands from February 2015 to June 2018. Executive Vice President and President for Europe, Africa, Middle 
East, Asia Pacific, and Travel Retail from 2013 to 2015. Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 
2009 to 2013. Executive Vice President and Chief Brands Officer from 2006 to 2009. 
Senior Vice President and Chief Production Officer since 2014. Vice President and General Manager for Brown-Forman 
Tequila Mexico Operations from 2008 to 2014. 
Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since 2013. Vice President and Finance Director for Greater 
and Africa from 2009 to 2013. 
Senior Vice President, President U.S.A. and Canada since June 2018. Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of 
B-F Brands from February 2015 to June 2018. Senior Vice President, Managing Director Jack Daniel's from 2011 to 
2015. Senior Vice President, ~ • 
Director Herradura from 2007 to 2011. 
1 : 
) 
Senior Vice President, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer since June 2018. Senior Vice President, North America Region 
from May 2009 to June 2018. 
You can read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC in its Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information 
on the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy 
and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
11 

Our website address is www.brown-forman.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any 
amendments to these reports are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those reports with the 
SEC. The information provided on our website is not part of this report, and is therefore not incorporated by reference, unless that information is otherwise 
specifically referenced elsewhere in this report. 
On our website, we have posted our Code of Conduct that applies to all our directors and employees, and our Code of Ethics that applies specifically to 
our senior financial officers. If we amend or waive any of the provisions of our Code of Conduct or our Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive 
officer, principal financial officer, or principal accounting officer that relates to any element of the definition of"code of ethics" enumerated in Item 406(b) of 
Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1934 Act, we intend to disclose these actions on our website. We have also posted on our website our Corporate 
Governance Guidelines and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, and 
Executive Committee of our Board of Directors. Copies of these materials are also available free of charge by writing to our Secretary, Matthew E. Hamel, 85 0 
Dixie Highway, Louisville, Kentucky 40210 or emailing him at Secretary@b-£com. 
Item lA. Risk Factors 
We believe the following discussion identifies the most significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. If any of the 
following risks were actually to occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
Additional risks not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, could also materially and adversely affect our business, results of 
operations, cash flows, or financial condition. 
Unfavorable economic conditions could negatively affect our operations and results. 
Unfavorable global or regional economic conditions, including uncertainty caused by unstable geopolitical environments in many parts of the world, 
could adversely affect our business and financial results. While the major economic disruptions of the most recent financial crisis have largely subsided, 
many markets where our products are sold still face significant economic challenges resulting from the global economic downturn that followed, including 
low consumer confidence, high unemployment, budget deficits, burdensome governmental debt, austerity measures, increased taxes, and weak financial, 
credit, and housing markets. Unfavorable economic conditions such as these can cause governments to increase taxes on beverage alcohol to attempt to raise 
revenue, reducing consumers' willingness to make discretionary purchases of beverage alcohol products or pay for premium brands such as ours. In 
unfavorable economic conditions, consumers may make more value-driven and price-sensitive purchasing choices and drink more at home rather than at 
restaurants, bars, and hotels, which tend to favor many of our premium and super-premium products. 
Unfavorable economic conditions could also adversely affect our suppliers, distributors, and retailers, who in tum could experience cash flow problems, 
more costly or unavailable financing, credit defaults, and other financial hardships. This could lead to distributor or retailer destocking, disruption in raw 
material supply, increase our bad debt expense, or cause us to increase the levels of unsecured credit that we provide to customers. Other potential negative 
consequences to our business from poor economic conditions include higher interest rates, an increase in the rate of inflation, deflation, exchange rate 
fluctuations, credit or capital market instability, or lower returns on pension assets or lower discount rates for pension obligations (possibly requiring higher 
contributions to our pension plans). For details on the effects of changes in the value of our benefit plan obligations and assets on our financial results, see 
Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
Our global business is subject to commercial, political, and financial risks, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
Our products are sold in more than 170 countries; accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally, including commercial, 
political, and financial risks. In the long term, we continue to expect our growth rates in emerging markets, such as eastern Europe, Latin America, Asia, and 
Africa, to surpass our growth rates in the United States and more developed markets, such as the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and Australia. However, 
we still expect our international developed markets to provide growth opportunities for us. If shipments of our products - particularly Jack Daniel's 
Tennessee Whiskey - to our global markets were to experience significant disruption due to these risks or for other reasons, it could have a material adverse 
effect on our financial results. For example, Russia has enacted legislation that empowers its president to implement a partial or total ban on the importation 
of goods and products from and produced by companies under the jurisdiction of the United States and other "unfriendly" foreign countries. If such 
legislation were to be implemented, the sale of our products in Russia, especially Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, could be significantly and adversely 
affected. 
12 

In addition, we are subject to potential business disruption caused by military conflicts; potentially unstable governments or legal systems; civil or 
political upheaval or unrest; local labor policies and conditions; possible expropriation, nationalization, or confiscation of assets; problems with repatriation 
of foreign earnings; economic or trade sanctions; closure of markets to imports; anti-American sentiment; terrorism or other types of violence in or outside the 
United States; health pandemics; and a significant reduction in global travel. For example, the United States recently imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum. 
In response, Mexico has imposed retaliatory tariffs on U.S. imports, including our American whiskey products. The European Union and several other 
countries have threatened to follow suit. If implemented, these tariffs could increase the price of our products in these countries and could prompt consumers 
to seek alternative products. Furthermore, uncertainty related to the future of the European Union may affect our business and financial performance in 
Europe. For instance, in June 2016, the United Kingdom voted by referendum to leave the European Union (Brexit), and, until the United Kingdom's exit 
from the European Union is finalized, there may be a period of economic and political uncertainty related to the negotiation of any successor trading 
arrangement with other countries as well as volatility in exchange rates, risk to supply chains across the European Union, restrictions on the mobility of 
employees and consumers, or changes to customs duties, tariffs, or industry specific requirements and regulations. In addition, any new trade barriers, 
sanctions, tariffs, or any retaliatory measures in response to the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our operations. Our success will depend, in 
part, on our ability to overcome the challenges we encounter with respect to these risks and other factors affecting U.S. companies with global operations. 
The more we expand our business globally, the more exchange rate fluctuations relative to the U.S. dollar influence our financial results. In many 
markets outside the United States, we sell our products and pay for some goods, services, and labor primarily in local currencies. Because our foreign currency 
revenues exceed our foreign currency expense, we have a net exposure to changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to those currencies. Over time, our 
reported financial results generally will be hurt by a stronger U.S. dollar and improved by a weaker one. We do not attempt to hedge all of our foreign 
currency exposure. We may, from time to time, attempt to hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure through the use of foreign currency derivatives or 
other means; however, even in those cases, we may not succeed in fully eliminating our foreign currency exposure. For details on how foreign exchange 
affects our business, see "Item 7 A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk - Foreign Exchange." 
National and local governments may adopt regulations or undertake investigations that could limit our business activities or increase our costs. 
Our business is subject to extensive regulatory requirements regarding production, exportation, importation, marketing and promotion, labeling, 
distribution, pricing, and trade practices, among others. Changes in laws, regulatory measures, or governmental policies, or the manner in which current ones 
are interpreted, could cause us to incur material additional costs or liabilities, and jeopardize the growth of our business in the affected market. Specifically, 
governments may prohibit, impose, or increase limitations on advertising and promotional activities, or times or locations where beverage alcohol may be 
sold or consumed, or adopt other measures that could limit our opportunities to reach consumers or sell our products. Certain countries historically have 
banned all television, newspaper, magazine, and internet advertising for beverage alcohol products. Increases in regulation of this nature could substantially 
reduce consumer awareness of our products in the affected markets and make the introduction of new products more challenging. 
Some countries where we do business have a higher risk of corruption than others. While we are committed to doing business in accordance with 
applicable anti-corruption and other laws, our Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, and our other policies, we remain subject to the 
risk that an employee will violate our policies, or that any of our many affiliates or agents, such as importers, wholesalers, distributors, or other business 
partners, may take action determined to be in violation of international trade, money laundering, anti-corruption, or other laws, including the U.S. Foreign 
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.K. Bribety Act 2010, or equivalent local laws. Any determination that our operations or activities are not, or were not, in 
compliance with U.S. or foreign laws or regulations could result in investigations, interruption of business, loss of business partner relationships, suspension 
or termination of licenses and permits (our own or those of our partners), imposition of fines, legal or equitable sanctions, negative publicity, and 
management distraction. Further, our compliance with applicable anti-corruption or other laws, our Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial 
Officers, and our other policies could result in higher operating costs. 
Additional regulation in the United States and other countries addressing climate change, use of water, and other environmental issues could increase 
our operating costs. Increasing regulation of fuel emissions could increase the cost of energy, including fuel, required to operate our facilities or transport and 
distribute our products, thereby substantially increasing the production, distribution, and supply chain costs associated with our products. 
13 

Tax increases and changes in tax rules could adversely affect our financial results. 
Our business is sensitive to changes in both direct and indirect taxes. As a multinational company based in the United States, we are more exposed to 
the impact of U.S. tax changes than some ofour major competitors, especially those that affect the effective corporate income tax rate. 
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). The 
Tax Act significantly revises the U.S. corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates and implementing a territorial 
tax system. Shortly after the Tax Act was enacted, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, Income Tax 
Accounting Implications of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (SAB 118) to address the application ofGAAP. SAB 118 directs taxpayers to consider the impact of 
the Tax Act as provisional when a company does not have the necessaty information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable 
detail to complete the accounting for the change in tax law. In accordance with SAB 118, we have recognized the provisional tax impacts related to the 
repatriation tax and the re-measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities. However, many aspects of the Tax Act are still unclear and may not be clarified 
for some time. Ultimately, the actual impact of the Tax Act may differ from our provisional estimates, possibly materially, due to, among other things, the 
significant complexity of the Tax Act, anticipated additional regulatory guidance, or related interpretations that may be issued by the Internal Revenue 
Service, changes in accounting standards, legislative actions, future actions by states within the U.S. and changes in estimates, analyses, interpretations, and 
assumptions we have made. 
New tax rules, accounting standards, or pronouncements, and changes in interpretation of existing rules, standards, or pronouncements could also have 
a significant adverse effect on our business and financial results. This includes potential changes in tax rules or the interpretation of tax rules arising out of 
the Base Erosion & Profit Shifting project initiated by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, as well as changes in the interpretation 
of tax rules arising out of the European Union State Aid investigations. 
Our business operations are also subject to numerous duties or taxes that are not based on income, sometimes referred to as "indirect taxes." These 
indirect taxes include excise taxes, sales or value-added taxes, property taxes, payroll taxes, import and export duties, and tariffs. Increases in or the 
imposition of new indirect taxes on our operations or products would increase the cost of our products or, to the extent levied directly on consumers, make 
our products less affordable, which could negatively affect our financial results by reducing purchases of our products and encouraging consumers to switch 
to lower-priced or lower-taxed product categories. As governmental entities look for increased sources of revenue, they may increase taxes on beverage 
alcohol products. For example, in 201 7, the United Kingdom increased its tax on beer, cider, wine, and spirits by 3 .9%, providing a potential source of 
revenue to fund its post-Brexit obligations. In 2018, we have observed excise tax increases in Australia, France, and Turkey. 
In addition to indirect taxes, our global business can also be negatively affected by trade barriers and other governmental protectionist measures, any of 
which can be imposed suddenly and unpredictably. Recently, retaliatory tariffs have been imposed by Mexico and threatened by the European Union, 
Canada, Russia, China, and several other countries following the imposition of tariffs on steel and aluminum by the United States. Mexico's new tariffs on 
bourbon, and tariffs typically, take the form of value-added levies on U.S.-sourced products. As an example, a tariff on American whiskey would result in 
either reduced margins or increased consumer prices, either of which could adversely impact our financial results and demand for our products. 
Our business performance is substantially dependent upon the continued health of the Jack Daniel's family of brands. 
The Jack Daniel's family of brands is the primaty driver of our revenue and growth. Jack Daniel's is an iconic global trademark with a loyal consumer 
fan base, and we invest much effort and many resources to protect and preserve the brand's reputation for quality, craftsmanship, and authenticity. A brand's 
reputational value is based in large part on consumer perceptions, and even an isolated incident that causes harm - particularly one resulting in widespread 
negative publicity - could adversely influence these perceptions and erode consumer trust and confidence in the brand. Significant damage to the brand 
equity of Jack Daniel's would adversely affect our business. Given the importance of Jack Daniel's to our overall success, a significant or sustained decline in 
volume or selling price of our Jack Daniel's products would have a negative effect on our growth and our stock price. Additionally, should we not be 
successful in our efforts to maintain or increase the relevance of the Jack Daniel's brand in the minds of current and future consumers, our business and 
operating results could suffer. For details on the importance of the Jack Daniel's family of brands to our business, see "Item 7. Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Fiscal 2018 Brand Highlights." 
14 

Changes in consumer preferences and purchases, and our ability to anticipate or react to them, could negatively affect our business results. 
We are a branded consumer products company in a highly competitive market, and our success depends substantially on our continued ability to offer 
consumers appealing, high-quality products. Consumer preferences and purchases may shift, often in unpredictable ways, due to a host of factors, including 
changes in economic conditions, demographic, and social trends; public health policies and initiatives; changes in government regulation of beverage 
alcohol products; concerns or regulations related to product safety; legalization of marijuana use on a more widespread basis within the United States, 
Canada, or elsewhere; and changes in travel, leisure, dining, gifting, entertaining, and beverage consumption trends. Consumers may begin to shift their 
consumption and purchases of our premium and super-premium products, more commonly found in on-premise establishments, in favor of off-premise 
purchases or away from alcoholic beverages entirely. This includes consumption at home as a result of various factors, including shifts in social trends, 
proliferation of smoking bans, and stricter laws relating to driving while under the influence of alcohol, as well as shifts to purchases of our products to e-
commerce retailers. Shifts in consumption and purchasing channels such as these could adversely impact our profitability. Consumers also may begin to 
prefer the products of competitors or may generally reduce their demand for brands produced by larger companies. Over the past several years, the number of 
small, local distilleries in the United States has grown significantly. This is being driven by a trend of consumers showing increasing interest in locally 
produced, regionally sourced products. As many more competitive brands enter the market, it could have a negative impact on the demand for our premium 
and super-premium American whiskey brands, including Jack Daniel's. In addition, we could experience unfavorable business results if we fail to attract 
consumers from diverse backgrounds and ethnicities in the United States and in our non-U.S. markets. Demographic forecasts in the United States for the next 
couple of years after 2018 indicate a slight decrease in the population segment aged 21 to 24; fewer potential consumers in this age bracket could have a 
negative effect on industry growth rates and on our business. To continue to succeed, we must anticipate or react effectively to shifts in demographics, 
consumer behavior, consumer preferences, drinking tastes, and drinking occasions. 
Our plans call for the continued growth of the Jack Daniel's family of brands. In particular, we plan to continue to grow Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey 
sales globally and to further expand our launch of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Rye in additional international markets such as the United Kingdom, France, 
Germany, and Canada in fiscal 2019. If these plans do not succeed, or if we otherwise fail to develop or implement effective business, portfolio, and brand 
strategies, our growth, stock price, or financial results could suffer. More broadly, if consumers shift away from spirits (particularly brown spirits such as 
American whiskey and bourbon), our premium-priced brands, or our RTD products, our financial results could be adversely affected. 
We believe that new products, line extensions, label and bottle changes, product reformulations, and similar product innovations by both our 
competitors and us will compete increasingly for consumer drinking occasions. Product innovation, such as our launch of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Rye, is a 
significant element of our growth strategy; however, there can be no assurance that we will continue to develop and implement successful line extensions, 
packaging, formulation or flavor changes, or new products. Unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations could result in 
inventory write-offs and other costs, reduction in profits from one year to the next, and also could damage consumers' perception of the brand family. Our 
inability to attract consumers to our product innovations relative to our competitors' products - especially over time - could negatively affect our growth, 
business, and financial results. 
Production facility disruption could adversely affect our business. 
Some of our largest brands, including Jack Daniel's, Finlandia Vodka, and our tequilas, are distilled at single locations. A catastrophic event causing 
physical damage, disruption, or failure at any one of our major distillation or bottling facilities, including facilities that support the production of our 
premium brands such as Woodford Reserve and Old Forester, could adversely affect our business. Further, because whiskeys and some tequilas are aged for 
various periods, we maintain a substantial inventory of aged and maturing products in warehouses at a number of different sites. The loss of a substantial 
amount of aged inventory - through fire, other natural or man-made disaster, contamination, or otherwise - could significantly reduce the supply of the 
affected product or products. A consequence of any of these or other supply or supply chain disruptions could prevent us from meeting consumer demand for 
the affected products for a period of time. In addition, insurance proceeds may be insufficient to cover the replacement value of our inventory of maturing 
products and other assets if they were to be lost. Disaster recovery plans may not prevent business disruption, and reconstruction of any damaged facilities 
could require a significant amount of time. 
The inherent uncertainty in supply/demand forecasting could adversely affect our business, particularly with respect to our aged products. 
There is an inherent risk of forecasting imprecision in determining the quantity of aged and maturing products to produce and hold in inventory in a 
given year for future sale. The forecasting strategies we use to balance product supply with fluctuations in consumer demand may not be effective for 
particular years or products. For example, in addition to our American, Canadian, and Irish whiskeys and some tequilas, which are aged for various periods, 
our acquisition of The GlenDronach, BenRiach, and 
15 

Glenglassaugh Scotch whisky brands and distilleries introduce a new category of inventory, which require long-term maturation of 30 years or more, making 
forecasts of demand for such products in future periods subject to significant uncertainty. Factors that affect our ability to forecast accurately include changes 
in business strategy, market demand, consumer preferences, macroeconomic conditions, introductions of competing products, and other changes in market 
conditions. Any forecasting error could lead to our inability to meet the objectives of our business strategy, failure to meet future demand, or lead to a future 
surplus of inventory and consequent write-down in value of maturing stocks. Ifwe are unable to accurately forecast demand for our products or efficiently 
manage inventory, this may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Further, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in 
using various levers, such as pricing changes, to create the desired balance of available supply and consumer demand for particular years or products. As a 
consequence, we may be unable to meet consumer demand for the affected products for a period of time. Furthermore, not having our products in the market 
on a consistent basis may adversely affect our brand equity and future sales. 
Higher costs or unavailability of materials could adversely affect our financial results, as could our inability to obtain certain finished goods or to 
sell used materials. 
Our products use materials and ingredients that we purchase from suppliers. Our ability to make and sell our products depends upon the availability of 
the raw materials, product ingredients, finished products, wood, glass and PET bottles, cans, bottle closures, packaging, and other materials used to produce 
and package them. Without sufficient quantities of one or more key materials, our business and financial results could suffer. For instance, only a few glass 
producers make bottles on a scale sufficient for our requirements, and a single producer supplies most of our glass requirements. In addition, if we were to 
experience a disruption in the supply of American oak logs to produce the new charred oak barrels in which we age our whiskeys, our production capabilities 
would be compromised. If any of our key suppliers were no longer able to meet our timing, quality, or capacity requirements, ceased doing business with us, 
or significantly raised prices, and we could not promptly develop alternative cost-effective sources of supply or production, our operations and financial 
results could suffer. 
Higher costs or insufficient availability of suitable grain, agave, water, grapes, wood, glass, closures, and other input materials, or higher associated 
labor costs or insufficient availability of labor, may adversely affect our financial results because we may not be able to pass along such cost increases or the 
cost of such shortages through higher prices to customers without reducing demand or sales. Similarly, when energy costs rise, our transportation, freight, and 
other operating costs, such as distilling and bottling expenses, also may increase. Our freight cost and the timely delivery of our products could be adversely 
impacted by a number of factors which could reduce the profitability of our operations, including driver shortages, higher fuel costs, weather conditions, 
traffic congestion, increased government regulation, and other matters. Our financial results may be adversely affected if we are not able to pass along energy 
and freight cost increases through higher prices to our customers without reducing demand or sales. 
International or domestic geopolitical or other events, including the imposition of any tariffs or quotas by governmental authorities on any raw 
materials that we use in the production of our products, could adversely impact the supply and cost of these raw materials to us. Ifwe cannot offset higher raw 
material costs with higher selling prices, increased sales volume, or reductions in other costs, our profitability could be adversely affected. 
Weather, the effects of climate change, fires, diseases, and other agricultural uncertainties that affect the mortality, health, yield, quality, or price of the 
various raw materials used in our products also present risks for our business, including in some cases potential impairment in the recorded value of our 
inventory. Changes in weather patterns or intensity can disrupt our supply chain as well, which may affect production operations, insurance costs and 
coverage, and the timely delivery ofourproducts. 
Water is an essential component of our products, so the quality and quantity of available water is important to our ability to operate our business. If 
droughts become more common or severe, or if our water supply were interrupted for other reasons, high-quality water could become scarce in some key 
production regions for our products, including Tennessee, Kentucky, California, Finland, Canada, Mexico, Scotland, and Ireland. 
Our ability to sell used materials for reuse may be affected by fluctuations in the market. For example, weaker demand from blended Scotch industry 
buyers, lower prices, and increased supply of used barrels may make it difficult to sell our used barrels at sustainable prices and quantities which could 
negatively affect our financial results. 
If the social acceptability of our products declines, or governments adopt policies disadvantageous to beverage alcohol, our business could be 
adversely affected. 
Our ability to market and sell our products depends heavily on societal attitudes toward drinking and governmental policies that both flow from and 
affect those attitudes. In recent years, increased social and political attention has been directed at the beverage alcohol industry. For example, there remains 
continued attention focused largely on public health concerns related to alcohol abuse, including drunk driving, underage drinking, and the negative health 
impacts of the abuse and misuse of beverage alcohol. While most people who drink enjoy alcoholic beverages in moderation, it is commonly known and well 
reported that 
16 

excessive levels or inappropriate patterns of drinking can lead to increased risk of a range of health conditions and, for certain people, can result in alcohol 
dependence. Some academics, public health officials, and critics of the alcohol industry in the United States, Europe, and other parts of the world continue to 
seek governmental measures to make beverage alcohol more expensive, less available, or more difficult to advertise and promote. Furthermore, health and 
wellness trends over the past several years may result in a shift in consumer preferences away from alcoholic beverages. If future scientific research indicated 
more widespread serious health risks associated with alcohol consumption - particularly with moderate consumption - or if for any reason the social 
acceptability of beverage alcohol were to decline significantly, sales ofour products could decrease. 
Significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our products could inhibit sales of affected products. 
Various jurisdictions have adopted or may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the 
availability of our products relating to the content or perceived adverse health consequences of some of our products. Several such labeling regulations or 
laws require warnings on any product with substances that the state lists as potentially associated with cancer or birth defects. Our products already raise 
health and safety concerns for some regulators, and heightened requirements could be imposed. If additional or more severe requirements of this type are 
imposed on one or more of our major products under current or future health, environmental, or other laws or regulations, they could inhibit sales of such 
products. Further, we cannot predict whether our products will become subject to increased rules and regulations which, if enacted, could increase our costs or 
adversely impact sales. For example, studies have been conducted in Australia and the United Kingdom to consider the impact of requiring the sale of 
alcohol in plain packaging with more comprehensive health warnings in an effort to change drinking habits in those countries. These studies could result in 
additional governmental regulations concerning the production, marketing, labeling, or availability of our products, any of which could damage our 
reputation, making our premium brands unrecognizable, or reduce demand of our products, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
We face substantial competition in our industry, including many new entrants into spirits; and consolidation among beverage alcohol producers, 
wholesalers, and retailers, or changes to our route-to-consumer model, could hinder the marketing, sale, or distribution of our products. 
We use different business models to market and distribute our products in different countries around the world. In the United States, we sell our products 
either to distributors for resale to retail outlets or e-commerce retailers, in those states that control alcohol sales, to state governments who then sell them to 
retail customers and consumers. In our non-U.S. markets, we use a variety of route-to-consumer models - including, in many markets, reliance on others to 
market and sell our products. Consolidation among spirits producers, distributors, wholesalers, suppliers, or retailers and the increased growth and popularity 
of the e-commerce retail environment across the consumer product goods market could create a more challenging competitive landscape for our products. 
Consolidation at any level could hinder the distribution and sale of our products as a result ofreduced attention and resources allocated to our brands both 
during and after transition periods, because our brands might represent a smaller portion of the new business portfolio. Furthermore, consolidation of 
distributors may lead to the erosion of margins as newly consolidated distributors take down prices. Changes in distributors' strategies, including a reduction 
in the number of brands they carry, the allocation of shelf space for our competitors' brands, or private label products, may adversely affect our sales, margin, 
outlook, and market share. Expansion into new product categories by other suppliers, or innovation by new entrants into the market, could increase 
competition in our product categories. For example, we are experiencing increased competition for some of our products from new entrants in the small-batch 
or craft spirits category. 
Changes to our route-to-consumer models or partners in important markets could result in temporaty or longer-term sales disruption, could result in 
higher costs, and could negatively affect other business relationships we might have with that partner. Disruption of our distribution network or fluctuations 
in our product inventory levels at distributors, wholesalers, or retailers could negatively affect our results for a particular period. Further, while we believe we 
have sufficient scale to succeed relative to our major competitors, we nevertheless face a risk that continuing consolidation of large beverage alcohol 
companies could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 
Our competitors may respond to industry and economic conditions more rapidly or effectively than we do. For example, we are facing an increasingly 
competitive pricing environment, and our competitors may have more flexibility to adjust to such challenges. Other suppliers, as well as wholesalers and 
retailers of our brands, offer products that compete directly with ours for shelf space, promotional displays, and consumer purchases. Pricing (including price 
promotions, discounting, couponing, and free goods), marketing, new product introductions, entiy into our distribution networks, and other competitive 
behavior by other suppliers, and by wholesalers and traditional and e-commerce retailers, could adversely affect our sales, margins, and business and financial 
results. While we seek to take advantage of the efficiencies and opportunities that large retail customers can offer, they often seek lower pricing and purchase 
volume flexibility, offer competing own-label products, and represent a large number of other competing products. If the buying power of these large retail 
customers continues to increase, it could negatively affect our financial results. 
17 

We might not succeed in our strategies for acquisitions and dispositions. 
From time to time, we acquire or invest in additional brands or businesses. We expect to continue to seek acquisition and investment opportunities that 
we believe will increase long-term shareholder value, but we may not be able to find and purchase brands or businesses at acceptable prices and terms. 
Acquisitions involve risks and uncertainties, including potential difficulties integrating acquired brands and personnel; the possible loss of key customers or 
employees most knowledgeable about the acquired business; implementing and maintaining consistent U.S. public company standards, controls, procedures, 
policies, and information systems; exposure to unknown liabilities; business disruption; and management distraction. Acquisitions, investments, or joint 
ventures could also lead us to incur additional debt and related interest expenses, issue additional shares, become exposed to contingent liabilities, and lead 
to dilution in our earnings per share and reduction in our return on average invested capital. We could incur future restructuring charges or record impairment 
losses on the value of goodwill or other intangible assets resulting from previous acquisitions, which may also negatively affect our financial results. 
We also evaluate from time to time the potential disposition of assets or businesses that may no longer meet our growth, return, or strategic objectives. 
In selling assets or businesses, we may not get prices or terms as favorable as we anticipated. We could also encounter difficulty in finding buyers on 
acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay our accomplishment of strategic objectives. Expected cost savings from reduced overhead relating to 
the sold assets may not materialize, and the overhead reductions could temporarily disrupt our other business operations. Any of these outcomes could 
negatively affect our financial results. 
Counterfeiting or inadequate protection of our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business prospects. 
Our brand names, trademarks, and related intellectual property rights are critical assets, and our business depends on our protecting them online and in 
the countries where we do business. We may not succeed in protecting our intellectual property rights in a given market or in challenging those who infringe 
our rights or imitate or counterfeit our products. Although we believe that our intellectual property rights are legally protected in the markets where we do 
business, the ability to register and enforce intellectual property rights varies from country to country. In some count1ies, for example, it may be more difficult 
to successfully stop counterfeiting or look-alike products, either because the law is inadequate or, even though satisfactory legal options may exist, it may be 
difficult to obtain and enforce sanctions against counterfeiters. We may not be able to register our trademarks in every country where we want to sell a 
particular product, and we may not obtain favorable decisions by courts or trademark offices. 
Many global spirits brands, including some of our brands, experience problems with product counterfeiting and other forms of trademark infringement. 
We combat counterfeiting by working with other companies in the spirits industry through our membership in the International Federation of Spirits 
Producers (IFSP) and with brand owners in other industries via our membership in React, an anti-counterfeiting network organization. While we believe IFSP 
and React are effective organizations, they are not active in every market, and their efforts are subject to obtaining the cooperation of local authorities and 
courts in the markets where they are active. Despite the efforts of IFSP, React, and our own teams, lower-quality and counterfeit products that could be 
harmful to consumers could reach the market and adversely affect our intellectual property rights, brand equity, corporate reputation, and financial results. In 
addition, the industry as a whole could suffer negative effects related to the manufacture, sale, and consumption of illegally produced beverage alcohol. 
Product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect our sales. 
The success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of those brands. We could decide to, or be required to, recall products 
due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, product tampering, spoilage, or other quality issues. Any of these events could adversely affect our 
sales. Actual contamination, whether deliberate or accidental, could lead to inferior product quality and even illness, injury, or death to consumers, potential 
liability claims, and material loss. Should a product recall become necessary, or we voluntarily recall a product in the event of contamination, damage, or 
other quality issue, sales of the affected product or our broader portfolio of brands could be adversely affected. A significant product liability judgment or 
widespread product recall may negatively impact sales and business and financial results of the affected brand or brands. Even if a product liability claim is 
unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, resulting negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our 
corporate and brand image. 
Litigation and legal disputes could expose our business to financial and reputational risk. 
Major private or governmental litigation challenging the production, marketing, promotion, distribution, or sale of beverage alcohol or specific brands 
could affect our ability to sell our products. Because litigation and other legal proceedings can be costly to defend, even actions that are ultimately decided 
in our favor could have a negative impact on our business reputation or financial results. Lawsuits have been brought against beverage alcohol companies 
alleging problems related to alcohol abuse, negative health consequences from drinking, problems from alleged marketing or sales practices, and underage 
drinking. While these 
18 

lawsuits have been largely unsuccessful in the past, others may succeed in the future. We could also experience employment-related class actions, 
environmental claims, commercial disputes, product liability actions stemming from a beverage or container production defect, a whistleblower suit, or other 
major litigation that could adversely affect our business results, particularly if there is negative publicity or to the extent the losses or expenses were not 
covered by insurance. 
Governmental actions around the world to enforce trade practice, anti-money-laundering, anti-corruption, competition, tax, environmental, and other 
laws are also a continuing compliance risk for global companies such as ours. In addition, as a U.S. public company, we are exposed to the risk of securities-
related class action suits, particularly following a precipitous drop in the share price of our stock. Adverse developments in major lawsuits concerning these 
or other matters could result in management distraction and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
A cyber breach or a failure or corruption of one or more of our key information technology systems, networks, processes, associated sites, or service 
providers could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
We rely on information technology (IT) systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools, 
hardware (including laptops and mobile devices), software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, or used 
by third parties or their vendors, to help us manage our business. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include, but are not limited to: 
hosting our internal network and communication systems; ordering and managing materials from suppliers; supply/demand planning; production; shipping 
products to customers; hosting corporate strategic plans and employee data; hosting our branded websites and marketing products to consumers; collecting 
and storing customer, consumer, employee, investor, and other data; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting results of operations; hosting, 
processing, and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information; complying with regulatory, legal, or tax 
requirements; providing data security; and handling other processes necessary to manage our business. 
Increased IT security threats and more sophisticated cyber crimes and cyber attacks pose a potential risk to the security and availability of our IT 
systems, networks, and services, including those that are managed, hosted, provided, or used by third parties, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and 
integrity of our data and the data of our customers, consumers, employees, and others. If the IT systems, networks, or service providers we rely upon fail to 
function properly, or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of our business strategy or other sensitive information, due to any number of causes, ranging from 
catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches to usage errors by employees and other security issues, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to 
manage operations and reputational, competitive, or business harm, which may adversely affect our business operations or financial results. In addition, such 
events could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information, and we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or 
misappropriated confidential information belonging to us or to our partners, our employees, customers, suppliers, or consumers. In any of these events, we 
could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks 
and IT systems, which could require a significant amount of time. 
Negative publicity could affect our stock price and business performance. 
Unfavorable publicity, whether accurate or not, related to our industry or to us or our brands, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or 
prospects could negatively affect our corporate reputation, stock price, ability to attract high-quality talent, or the performance of our business. Adverse 
publicity or negative commentary on social media outlets, particularly any that go "viral," could cause consumers to react by avoiding our brands or 
choosing brands offered by our competitors, which could materially negatively affect our financial results. 
Our failure to attract or retain key executive or employee talent could adversely affect our business. 
Our success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management team, other key employees, and our high-quality employee base, as well as 
our ability to attract, motivate, reward, and retain them. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or other employee talent, or the unexpected loss of 
experienced employees resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base, could have an adverse impact on our business performance, reputation, 
financial condition, or results of operations. Given the changing demographics and increased demand for talent globally, we, as an American multinational 
company, may not be able to find the right people, at the right time, and in the right location, to achieve our business objectives. Additionally, companies 
like ours face increased labor costs as a result of aggressive hiring and/ or inflated levels of compensation offered by other employers, especially in emerging 
markets - notably, India and Asia. 
19 

The Brown family has the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted for stockholder approval. 
We are a "controlled company" under New York Stock Exchange rules. Controlled companies are exempt from New York Stock Exchange listing 
standards that require a board composed of a majority of independent directors, a fully independent nominating/corporate governance committee, and a fully 
independent compensation committee. We avail ourselves of the exemptions from having a board composed of a majority of independent directors and a 
fully independent nominating/corporate governance committee. Notwithstanding the available exemption, our Compensation Committee is composed 
exclusively of independent directors. As a result of our use of some "controlled company" exemptions, our corporate governance practices differ from those 
of non-controlled companies, which are subject to all of the New York Stock Exchange corporate governance requirements. 
We have two classes of common stock. Our Class A common stock is entitled to full voting powers, including in the elections of directors, while our 
Class B common stock may not vote except as provided by the laws of Delaware. We have had two classes of common stock since 19 59, when our 
stockholders approved the issuance of two shares of Class B non-voting common stock to evety holder of our voting common stock. Such dual class share 
structures have increasingly come under the scrutiny of major indices, institutional investors, and proxy advisoty firms, with some calling for the 
reclassification of non-voting common stock.Amajority of our voting stock is controlled by members ofthe Brown family, and, collectively, they have the 
ability to control the outcome of stockholder votes, including the election of all of our directors and the approval or rejection of any merger, change of 
control, or other significant corporate transactions. We believe that having a long-term-focused, committed, and engaged shareholder base provides us with 
an important strategic advantage, particularly in a business with aged products and multi-generational brands. This advantage could be eroded or lost, 
however, should Brown family members cease, collectively, to be controlling stockholders of the Company. We believe that it is in the interests of all 
shareholders that we remain independent and family-controlled, and we believe the Brown family stockholders share these interests. Thus, our common stock 
dual class share structure, as it has existed since 1959, is perpetual, and we do not have a sunset provision in our Restated Certificate oflncorporation or By-
laws that provides for the eventual reclassification of the non-voting common stock to voting common stock. However, the Brown family's interests may not 
always be aligned with other stockholders' interests. By exercising their control, the Brown family could cause the Company to take actions that are at odds 
with the investment goals or interests of institutional, short-term, non-voting, or other non-controlling investors, or that have a negative effect on our stock 
price. Further, because the Brown family controls the majority of our voting stock, Brown-Forman might be a less attractive takeover target, which could 
adversely affect the market price of both our voting and our non-voting common stock. And the difference in voting rights for our common stock could also 
adversely and disproportionately affect the value of our Class B non-voting common stock to the extent that investors view, or any potential future purchaser 
of our Company views, the superior voting rights and control represented by the Class A common stock to have value. 
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
None. 
20 

Item 2. Properties 
Our company-owned production facilities include distilleries, a winety, a concentrate plant, bottling plants, warehousing operations, sawmills, and 
cooperages. We also have agreements with other parties for contract production in Australia, Belgium, Brazil, China, Estonia, Finland, Ireland, Mexico, the 
Netherlands, South Africa, and the United States. 
In addition to our company-owned production locations and our corporate offices in Louisville, Kentucky, we lease office space for use in our sales, 
marketing, and administrative operations in the United States and in over 40 other cities around the globe. The lease terms expire at various dates and are 
generally renewable. Our most significant leased office locations outside Louisville are: 
United States: Irving, Texas; Irvine, California; Baltimore, Maryland; Atlanta, Georgia; San Rafael, California; and Washington, D.C. 
International: Guadalajara, Mexico; Hamburg, Germany; Moscow, Russia; Warsaw, Poland; Sydney, Australia; Sao Paulo, Brazil; Paris, France; 
Prague, Czechia; Amsterdam, Netherlands; London, United Kingdom; Barcelona, Spain; Mexico City, Mexico; Seoul, South Korea; Gurgaon, India; 
Istanbul, Turkey; Shanghai, China; Hong Kong; Cape Town, South Africa; Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Kiev, Ukraine; and Tokyo, Japan. 
Location 
United States: 
Lynchburg, Tennessee 
Windsor, California 
Clifton, Tennessee 
Indiana 
International: 
France 
Slane, Ireland 
Morayshire, Scotland 
Portsoy, Scotland 
Significant Properties 
Principal Activities 
Distilling, bottling, warehousing 
Visitors' center 
Vineyards, winety, bottling, warehousing 
Visitors' center 
Stave and 
Stave and 
Distilling 
Visitors' center 
ni"till,n 
mill 
mill 
Distilling, warehousing 
Visitors' center 
We believe that our facilities are in good condition and are adequate for our business. 
21 
Notes 
Home of Jack Daniel's 
Home of Sonoma-Cutrer 
Home ofChambord 
Home of Slane Irish Whiskey 
Home of BenRiach 
Home ofGlenglassaugh 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
We operate in a litigious environment and we are sued in the normal course of business. We do not anticipate that any pending suits will have, 
individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
Not applicable. 
22 

PART II 
Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
Our Class A and Class B common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols "BFA" and "BFB," respectively. As of May 31, 
2018, there were 2,639 holders ofrecord ofClassAcommon stock and 5,486 holders ofrecord of Class B common stock. Because of overlapping ownership 
between classes, as of May 31, 2018, we had only 5,431 distinct common stockholders ofrecord. 
The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices per share for our Class A and Class B common stock, as reported on 
the New York Stock Exchange composite index, and dividend per share information: 
Fiscal 2017 
Fiscal 2018 
First 
Second 
Third 
Fourth 
First 
Second 
Third 
Fourth 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Year 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Quarter 
Year 
$ 
40.04 
$ 
43.56 
$ 
42.75 
$ 
42.62 
$ 
51.30 
$ 
55.67 
$ 
55.67 
39.16 
40.85 
45.54 
45.62 
55.66 
56.52 
56.52 
Cash dividends 
Paid 
0.136 
0.136 
0.146 
0.146 
0.564 
0.146 
0.146 
0.158 
1.158 
1.608 
Notes: 
1. Amounts have been adjusted for a 5-for-4 stock split that occurred in February 2018. 
2. Cash dividends for fiscal 2018 include a special dividend of$1.00 per share. 
Equity Compensation Plan Information 
The following table summarizes information as of April 30, 2018, about our equity compensation plans under which we have made grants of stock 
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, market value units, performance units, or other equity awards. 
Plan Category 
Equity compensation plans approved by Class A 
common stockholders 
Number of Securities to Be 
Issued Upon Exercise of 
Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights 1 
3,365,537 
Weighted-Average Exercise 
Price of Outstanding 
Options, Warrants and 
Rights 2 
$29.67 
Number of Securities 
Remaining Available for 
Future Issuance Under 
Equity Compensation Plans 
14,790,843 
1Includes 2,971,180 Class B common shares to be issued upon exercise of stock-settled stock appreciation rights (SSARs); 199,973 Class B common restricted stock units 
(RSUs); 114,703 Class A common deferred stock units (DSUs); and 79,681 Class B common DSUs issued under the Brown-Forman 2004 or 2013 Omnibus Compensation 
Plans. Does not include issued shares of performance-based restricted stock. SSARs are exercisable for an amount of our common stock with a value equal to the increase in the 
fair market value of the common stock from the date the SSARs were granted. The fair market value of our common stock at fiscal year-end has been used for the purposes of 
reporting the number of shares to be issued upon exercise of the 7,215,010 S SARs outstanding at fiscal year-end. 
2RSUs and DSUs have no exercise price because their value depends on continued employment or service over time, and are to be settled for shares of Class B common stock. 
Accordingly, these have been disregarded for purposes of computing the weighted-average exercise price. 
23 

Stock Performance Graph 
The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of our Class B common stock for the last five years with the Standard & Poor's 500 
Index, the Dow Jones U.S. Consumer Goods Index, and the Dow Jones U.S. Food & Beverage Index. The information presented assumes an initial investment 
of$100 on April 30, 2013, and that all dividends were reinvested. The cumulative returns shown represent the value that each ofthese investments would 
have had on April 30 in the years since 2013. 
Fin:i,.. Vt<::ff Cunndative Tot:id Shareholde.r Return 
A.ssnme~ fniti.al hl\'t\Stnwnt of SlOfJ 
( ws of April Jft 2:018; divide:nds n·im·1,sh,~d) 
.:lt 
s:•······ 
,;n ·~---...... -----...... -----...... -----....------..,......--------
24 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
This selected financial data should be read in conjunction with "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations" and our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Gross profit 
$ 
2,078 
$ 
2,183 
$ 
2,144 
$ 
2,021 
$ 
2,202 
Net income 
$ 
659 
$ 
684 
$ 
1,067 
$ 
669 
$ 
717 
- Basic 
533.6 
529.0 
507.4 
484.6 
480.3 
- Diluted 
$ 
1.22 
$ 
1.28 
$ 
2.09 
$ 
1.37 
$ 
1.48 
Operating margin 
32.5% 
32.8% 
49.6% 
33.0% 
32.0% 
$ 
649 
$ 
608 
$ 
524 
$ 
639 
$ 
632 
35.3% 
37.5% 
25.0% 
40.9% 
107.8% 
Total assets 
$ 
4,103 
$ 
4,188 
$ 
4,183 
$ 
4,625 
$ 
4,976 
Total debt 
$ 
1,005 
$ 
1,183 
$ 
1,501 
$ 
2,149 
$ 
2,556 
Notes: 
1. 
Includes the results of Southern Comfort and Tuaca, both of which were sold in March 2016 at a gain of $485 million (pre-tax). Includes the results of BenRiach since its 
acquisition in June 2016. 
2. 
Weighted average shares, earnings per share, and cash dividends declared per common share have been adjusted for a 2-for-l stock split in August 2016 and a 5-for-4 stock split 
in February 2018. 
3. 
See "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation - Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for details on our use of "return on 
average invested capital," including how we calculate this measure and why we think this information is useful to readers. 
4. 
Cash dividends declared per common share include a special cash dividend of $1.00 in fiscal 2018. 
5. 
We define dividend payout ratio as cash dividends divided by net income. 
25 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Introduction 
This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is intended to help the reader better understand 
Brown-Forman, our operations, our financial results, and our current business environment. Please read this MD&A in conjunction with our Consolidated 
Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" (the Consolidated Financial 
Statements). All share and per share amounts have been adjusted for a 5-for-4 stock split in Februaty 2018 (see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for additional information). 
Our MD&A is organized as follows: 
Table of Contents 
Presentation basis. This MD&A reflects the basis of presentation described in Note 1 "Accounting Policies" to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements. In addition, we define statistical and non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help readers understand our 
results of operations and the trends affecting our business. 
Significant developments. We discuss developments during the most recent three fiscal years. Please read this section in conjunction 
with "Item 1. Business," which provides a general description of our business and strategy. 
Executive summary. We discuss (a) fiscal 2018 highlights and (b) our outlook for fiscal 2019, including the trends, developments, 
and uncertainties that we expect to affect our business. 
Results of operations. We discuss (a) fiscal 2018 results for our largest markets, (b) fiscal 2018 results for our largest brands, and ( c) 
the causes of year-over-year changes in our income statement line items, including transactions and other items that affect the 
comparability of our results, for fiscal years 201 7 and 2018. 
Liquidity and capital resources. We discuss (a) the causes of year-over-year changes in cash flows from operating activities, 
investing activities, and financing activities; (b) recent and expected future capital expenditures; ( c) dividends and share 
repurchases; and (d) our liquidity position, including capital resources available to us. 
Off-balance sheet arrangements and long-term obligations. 
Critical accounting policies and estimates. We discuss the critical accounting policies and estimates that require significant 
management judgment. 
Presentation Basis 
Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
26 
29 
30 
32 
42 
44 
45 
We use some financial measures in this report that are not measures of financial performance under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
(GAAP). These non-GAAP measures, defined below, should be viewed as supplements to (not substitutes for) our results of operations and other measures 
reported under GAAP. Other companies may not define or calculate these non-GAAP measures in the same way. 
"Underlying change" in income statement measures. We present changes in certain income statement measures, or line items, that are adjusted to an 
"underlying" basis. We use "underlying change" for the following income statement measures: (a) underlying net sales; (b) underlying cost of sales; (c) 
underlying gross profit; (d) underlying advertising expenses; (e) underlying selling, general, and administrative (SG&A) expenses; (f) underlying other 
expense (income); (g) underlying operating expenses; 1 and (h) underlying operating income. To calculate these measures, we adjust, as applicable, for (a) 
acquisitions and divestitures, (b) foreign exchange, (c) estimated net changes in distributor inventories, and (d) the establishment of our charitable 
foundation. We explain these adjustments below. 
"Acquisitions and divestitures." This adjustment removes (a) any non-recurring effects related to our acquisitions and divestitures (e.g., transaction 
gains or losses, transaction costs, and integration costs), and (b) the effects of operating activity related to acquired and divested brands for periods 
not comparable year over year (non-comparable periods). By excluding non-comparable periods, we therefore include the effects of acquired and 
divested brands only to the extent that results are comparable year over year. 
1Operating expenses include advertising expense, SG&A expense, and other expense (income), net. 
26 

In fiscal 2016, we sold our Southern Comfort and Tuaca brands and related assets to Sazerac Company, Inc. and entered into a related transition 
services agreement (TSA). During fiscal 2017, we completed our obligations under the TSA. This adjustment removes the net sales, cost of sales, and 
operating expenses recognized in fiscal 201 7 pursuant to the TSA related to contract bottling services and distribution services in certain markets. 
On June 1, 2016, we acquired The BenRiach Distillery Company Limited (BenRiach). This adjustment removes (a) transaction and integration costs 
related to the acquisition and (b) operating activity for the acquired business for the non-comparable period. With respect to comparisons of fiscal 
2017 to fiscal 2016, the non-comparable period comprised all months; with respect to comparisons of fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2017, the non-comparable 
period is the month of May. 
"Foreign exchange. " We calculate the percentage change in our income statement line items in accordance with GAAP and adjust to exclude the 
cost or benefit of currency fluctuations. Adjusting for foreign exchange allows us to understand our business on a constant-dollar basis, as 
fluctuations in exchange rates can distort the underlying trend both positively and negatively. (In this report, "dollar" always means the U.S. dollar 
unless stated otherwise.) To eliminate the effect of foreign exchange fluctuations when comparing across periods, we translate current-year results at 
prior-year rates and remove foreign exchange gains and losses from current- and prior-year periods. 
"Estimated net change in distributor inventories. "This adjustment refers to the estimated net effect of changes in distributor inventories on changes 
in our income statement line items. For each period compared, we use volume information from our distributors to estimate the effect of distributor 
inventory changes on our income statement line items. 
"Foundation." In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we established the Brown-Forman Foundation (the Foundation) with an initial $70 million 
contribution to support the company's charitable giving program in the communities where our employees live and work. This adjustment removes 
the initial $70 million contribution to the Foundation from our underlying SG&A expenses and underlying operating income to present our 
underlying results on a comparable basis. 
We use the non-GAAP measures "underlying change": (a) to understand our performance from period to period on a consistent basis; (b) to compare our 
performance to that of our competitors; (c) in connection with management incentive compensation calculations; (d) in our planning and forecasting 
processes; and ( e) in communications concerning our financial performance with the board of directors, stockholders, and investment analysts. We reconcile 
the "underlying changes in income statement measures" to their nearest GAAP measures in the tables below under "Results of Operations - Year-Over-Year 
Comparisons." We have consistently applied the adjustments within our reconciliations in arriving at each non-GAAP measure. 
Definitions 
Aggregations. 
From time to time, to explain our results of operations or to highlight trends and uncertainties affecting our business, we aggregate markets according to stage 
of economic development as defined by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and we aggregate brands by spirits category. Below, we define the 
aggregations used in this report. 
Geographic Aggregations. 
"Developed" markets are "advanced economies" as defined by the IMF. Our largest developed markets are the United States, the United Kingdom, 
and Australia. Developed international markets are developed markets excluding the United States. 
"Emerging" markets are "emerging and developing economies" as defined by the IMF. Our largest emerging markets are Mexico and Poland. 
In "Results of Operations - Fiscal 2018 Market Highlights," we provide supplemental information for our largest markets ranked by percentage of total fiscal 
2018 net sales. In addition to markets listed by country name, we include the following aggregations: 
"Rest of Europe" includes all markets in Europe and the Commonwealth oflndependent States other than those specifically listed. 
"Remaining geographies" represents all markets (approximately 110) other than those specifically listed or included in "Rest of Europe," with the 
largest being Brazil, South Africa, and China. 
"Travel Retail" represents our sales to global duty-free customers, travel retail customers, and the U.S. military. 
"Other non-branded" includes used barrel, bulk whiskey and wine, and contract bottling sales. 
27 

Brand Aggregations. 
"Premium bourbon" products include Woodford Reserve, Old Forester, and Coopers' Craft. 
"American whiskey" products include the Jack Daniel's family of brands, premium bourbons, and Early Times. 
"Tequila" products include el Jimador, Herradura, New Mix, Pepe Lopez, and Antigua. 
In "Results of Operations - Fiscal 2018 Brand Highlights," we provide supplemental information for our largest brands ranked by percentage of total fiscal 
2018 net sales. In addition to brands listed by name, we include the following aggregations: 
"Jack Daniel's family of brands" includes Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey (JDTW), Jack Daniel's RTD and RTP products (JD RTDs/RTP), Jack 
Daniel's Tennessee Honey (JDTH), Gentleman Jack, Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire (JDTF), Jack Daniel's Single Barrel Collection, Jack Daniel's 
Tennessee Rye Whiskey (JDTR), Jack Daniel's Sinatra Select, and Jack Daniel's No. 27 Gold Tennessee Whiskey. 
"Jack Daniel's RTDs/RTP" products include all RTD line extensions of Jack Daniel's, such as Jack Daniel's & Cola, Jack Daniel's & Diet Cola, 
Jack & Ginger, Jack Daniel's Countiy Cocktails, Gentleman Jack & Cola, Jack Daniel's Double Jack, Jack Daniel's American Serve, Jack Daniel's 
Tennessee Honey RTD, Jack Daniel's Cider (JD Cider), Jack Daniel's Lynchburg Lemonade (JD Lynchburg Lemonade), and the seasonal Jack 
Daniel's Winter Jack RTP. 
Other Metrics. 
"Depletions. " We generally record revenues when we ship our products to our customers. Depending on our route-to-consumer (RTC), we ship 
products to either (a) retail or wholesale customers in owned distribution markets or (b) our distributor customers in other markets. "Depletions" is a 
term commonly used in the beverage alcohol industry to describe volume. Depending on the context, "depletions" means either (a) our shipments 
directly to retail or wholesale customers for owned distribution markets or (b) shipments from our distributor customers to retailers and wholesalers 
in other markets. We believe that depletions measure volume in a way that more closely reflects consumer demand than our shipments to distributor 
customers do. In this document, unless otheiwise specified, we refer to "depletions" when discussing volume. 
"Drinks-equivalent." Volume is discussed on a nine-liter equivalent unit basis (nine-liter cases) unless otheiwise specified. At times, we use a 
"drinks-equivalent" measure for volume when comparing single-serve ready-to-drink (RTD) or ready-to-pour (RTP) brands to a parent spirits brand. 
"Drinks-equivalent" depletions are RTD and RTP nine-liter cases converted to nine-liter cases of a parent brand on the basis of the number of drinks 
in one nine-liter case of the parent brand. To convert RTD volumes from a nine-liter case basis to a drinks-equivalent nine-liter case basis, RTD nine-
liter case volumes are divided by 10, while RTP nine-liter case volumes are divided by 5. 
"Consumer takeaway." When discussing trends in the market, we refer to "consumer takeaway," a term commonly used in the beverage alcohol 
industry. "Consumer takeaway" refers to the purchase of product by the consumer from a retail outlet as measured by volume or retail sales value. 
This information is provided by third parties, such as Nielsen and the National Alcohol Beverage Control Association (NABCA). Our estimates of 
market share or changes in market share are derived from consumer takeaway data using the retail sales value metric. 
"Return on average invested capital." This measure refers to the sum of net income and afier-tax interest expense, divided by average invested capital. 
Average invested capital equals assets less liabilities, excluding interest-bearing debt, and is calculated using the average of the most recent 13 month-end 
balances. After-tax interest expense equals interest expense multiplied by one minus our effective tax rate. We use this non-GAAP measure because we 
consider return on average invested capital to be a meaningful indicator of how effectively and efficiently we use capital invested in our business. 
We reconcile each of these measures to their nearest GAAP measures in the tables below under "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations - Executive Summaty." We have consistently applied the adjustments within our reconciliations in arriving at each 
non-GAAP measure. 
28 

Significant Developments 
Below we discuss the significant developments in our business during fiscal 2016, fiscal 2017, and fiscal 2018. These developments relate to (a) 
innovation, (b) acquisitions and divestitures, and ( c) capital deployment. 
Innovation 
Jack Daniel's family ofbrands. Innovation within the Jack Daniel's family of brands has driven growth over the last three years: 
We introduced our second Jack Daniel's flavored whiskey product, JDTF, starting with the United States in late fiscal 2015. In fiscal 2016, we 
completed the U.S. launch and continued the global rollout of JDTF. In fiscal 2017, we expanded JDTF to markets including France, Germany, and 
Travel Retail. In fiscal 2018, we expanded JDTF to Brazil and Chile. 
In fiscal 2018, we introduced several new Jack Daniel's RTD products, including Jack Daniel's Southern Peach Country Cocktails in the United 
States, Jack Daniel's Cider in the United Kingdom, and Jack Daniel's Lynchburg Lemonade in Germany. These introductions all contributed to our 
Jack Daniel's RTD growth in those markets. 
In fiscal 2018, we introduced JDTR, the first full-strength whiskey from the Jack Daniel's family ofbrands in over two decades, in the United States 
and certain international markets. With this successful launch, our total Rye whiskey portfolio, including Woodford Reserve Rye Whiskey and Jack 
Daniel's Single Barrel Rye, surpassed 100,000 nine-liter cases in fiscal 2018. 
Other American whiskeys. We continue to capitalize on consumers' interest in super- and ultra-premium whiskey with our range of brands, including 
Woodford Reserve and Old Forester. 
In fiscal 201 7, we unveiled new packaging for Woodford Reserve Double Oaked, the most successful line extension from Woodford Reserve to date 
(first introduced in 2012). The Double Oaked variant of Woodford Reserve continued to contribute meaningfully to the brand's growth and reached 
nearly 50,000 nine-liter cases in fiscal 2018. 
From fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2017, we introduced three Old Forester craft expressions in our Old Forester Whiskey Row Series. In fiscal 2018, we added 
Old Forester Statesman, which won a double gold medal at the 2018 San Francisco World Spirits Competition. In addition, we launched new 
packaging for our core Old Forester bourbons in February 2017. Our founding brand grew net sales by more than 35% per year from fiscal 2015 
through fiscal 2018. 
Also in fiscal 2017, we introduced our first entirely new bourbon in 20 years, Coopers' Craft, a super-premium brand now in limited distribution in 
the United States. 
Tequila brands. We experienced another record year for our tequila brands in fiscal 2018, as Herradura, el Jimador, and New Mix contributed 
significantly to our overall net sales growth. In fiscal 2015, we released Herradura Ultra to participate in the fast-growing market for ultra-premium 
"cristalino" tequilas in Mexico, and it has been a significant driver of our tequila growth during the last four fiscal years, surpassing 70,000 nine-liter 
cases in fiscal 2018. 
Acquisitions and Divestitures 
In June 2015, we purchased all of the shares of Slane Castle Irish Whiskey Limited. In April 2017, we unveiled the first product from our Slane Irish 
Whiskey brand in Travel Retail in Ireland, and we introduced the brand selectively in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia in the 
summer of 2017. In fiscal 2019, we plan to expand Slane nationally in the United States. 
In March 2016, we sold our Southern Comfort and Tuaca brands and related assets to Sazerac Company, Inc. for $543 million in cash, which resulted in a 
gain of$485 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. We substantially completed all activities related to this transition ofownership in fiscal 2017. 
See "Executive Summary" below and Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the financial impact of the sale 
of Southern Comfort and Tuaca. 
On June 1, 2016, we acquired The BenRiach Distillery Company Limited (BenRiach) for aggregate consideration of$407 million, consisting of a 
purchase price of $341 million and $66 million in assumed debt and transaction-related obligations that we have since paid. The acquisition, which 
brought three single malt Scotch whisky brands into our portfolio, included brand trademarks, inventories, three homeplaces, three malt distilleries, a 
bottling plant, and BenRiach's headquarters in Edinburgh, Scotland. We believe that these super-premium brands will provide us an opportunity to 
participate in the growing single malt Scotch category and strengthen our portfolio's long-term growth prospects in the United States, the United 
29 

Kingdom, Taiwan, Germany, and Travel Retail. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
Capital Deployment 
Beyond the acquisition and divestiture activities described above, we have focused our capital deployment initiatives on (a) enabling the expected 
future growth of our existing businesses through investments in our production capacity, barrel whiskey inventory, and brand-building efforts; and (b) 
returning cash to our shareholders. 
Investments. From fiscal 2016 through fiscal 2018, our capital expenditures totaled approximately $35 0 million and focused on enabling the growth of 
our premium whiskey brands: 
Jack Daniel's. We continued to expand our shipping warehouse facility and built an additional warehouse. 
Woodford Reserve. We expanded our bottling facility and built four new warehouses. 
Old Forester. We continued construction of the Old Forester Distillery and visitors' center on Main Street in Louisville, Kentucky, which we expect 
to open in June 2018. 
Slane Irish Whiskey. We opened a consumer experience on the historic Slane Castle Estate in the fall of 201 7. We also continued building a new 
distillery, which we expect to open in the summer of2018. 
Debt and equity transactions. From fiscal 2016 through fiscal 2018, we returned $3 .0 billion to our shareholders through $0.8 billion in regular quarterly 
dividends, $0.5 billion in special dividends, and $1.7 billion in share repurchases. We financed our dividends and repurchases with cash on hand and 
proceeds from the issuance oflong-term debt totaling $1.8 billion (net). 
Executive Summary 
Fiscal 2018 Highlights 
We delivered net sales of $3 .2 billion, an increase of 8% compared to fiscal 2017. Excluding (a) the positive effect of foreign exchange driven by the 
strengthening of the euro, Polish zloty, and Mexican peso and (b) an estimated net increase in distributor inventories in the United States, we grew 
underlying net sales 6%. 
From a brand perspective, our underlying net sales growth was driven by the Jack Daniel's family of brands, our premium bourbon brands, and our 
tequila brands. 
From a geographic perspective, the United States and emerging markets led the growth in underlying net sales, while developed international 
markets also accelerated underlying net sales growth compared to fiscal 201 7. 
We delivered operating income of $1.0 billion, an increase of5% compared to fiscal 2017. Excluding the impact of(a) the $70 million contribution to 
establish the Foundation, (b) the positive effect of foreign exchange, and ( c) an estimated net increase in distributor inventories, underlying operating 
income grew 8%. 
We delivered diluted earnings per share of $1.48, an increase of 8% compared to fiscal 2017 due to an increase in reported operating income and a 
reduction in our effective tax rate. 
Our return on average invested capital increased to 20.0% in fiscal 2018, compared to 19 .8% in fiscal 201 7. 
Summary of Operating Performance Fiscal 2016 - 2018 
Reported Change 
Underlying Change1 
2017 vs. 
Fiscal year ended Auril 30 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2016 vs. 2017 
2017 vs. 2018 
2016 vs. 2017 
2018 
Cost of sales 
945 
973 
1,046 
3% 
7% 
4% 
8% 
417 
2% 
6% 
Operating income 
$ 
1,533 
$ 
989 
$ 
1,039 
(35%) 
5% 
7% 
8% 
Total operating expenses2 
$ 1,096 
$ 
1,032 
$ 1,163 
(6%) 
13% 
(1%) 
4% 
35.5% 

Effective tax rate 
28.3% 
28.3% 
26.6% 
(1.7pp) 
Return on average invested capital4 
34.1% 
19.8% 
20.0% 
(14.3pp) 
0.2pp 
1See ''Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for details on our use of"underlying changes," including how we calculate these measures and why we think this information 
is useful to readers. 
2Operating expenses include advertising expense, SG&A expense, and other expense (income), net. 
3Year-over-year changes in percentages are reported in percentage points (pp). 
4See ''Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for details on our use of"return on average invested capital," including how we calculate this measure and why we think this 
information is useful to readers. 
Fiscal 2019 Outlook 
We are optimistic about our prospects for growth of net sales, operating income, and diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2019. Below we discuss our 
current expectations for fiscal 2019, including trends, developments, and uncertainties that we expect may affect our business. When we provide guidance for 
underlying change for the following income statement measures we do not provide guidance for the corresponding GAAP change because the GAAP measure 
will include items that are difficult to quantify or predict with reasonable certainty, including the estimated net change in distributor inventories and foreign 
exchange, each of which could have a significant impact to our GAAP income statement measures. 
Outlook for key measures: 
Underlying net sales. We expect the underlying net sales growth rate trend from fiscal 2018 to continue. We anticipate the Jack Daniel's family of 
brands, our portfolio of premium bourbons, and our tequila brands to again drive our growth. We expect that volume will be the most significant driver 
ofunderlying net sales growth in fiscal 2019. 
Underlying expenses. We expect total underlying expenses to grow more slowly than net sales. In addition, we expect: (a) for underlying cost of sales, 
input costs should increase in the mid-single digits, (b) underlying advertising expenses should grow at a rate similar to our net sales growth rate, and ( c) 
underlying SG&A expenses to be approximately unchanged compared to fiscal 2018. 
Additional considerations related to our fiscal 2019 outlook: 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers. In fiscal 2019, we will implement ASU 2014-09, which replaces existing revenue recognition guidance. We 
have concluded that adoption will not have a material impact on our financial statements. However, 
30 

under the new standard, we will estimate and recognize the cost of certain customer incentives earlier than we have historically. Although we expect this 
change in timing to shift the recognition of these costs among fiscal quarters, we do not expect the full-year impact to be significant. Additionally, some 
payments to customers previously classified as advertising or SG&A expenses will be classified as reductions of net sales under the new standard. We 
anticipate the impact of this change in classification to be insignificant. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
Productivity and efficiency initiative. In June 2017, we announced a three-year (fiscal 2018 - fiscal 2020) cost-saving and productivity initiative to 
deliver sustainable cost savings and accelerate our net sales growth rate. We expect to invest a portion of the cost savings generated by the initiative in 
incremental advertising and promotional activities. Our fiscal 2019 outlook reflects this initiative's expected effects. 
Foreign exchange. In fiscal 2018, our reported results were helped by foreign exchange due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar. We cannot predict the 
movement of foreign exchange rates with reasonable certainty; however, considering spot rates as of April 30, 2018, we expect a modest negative effect 
to our fiscal 2019 results. See "Item 7 A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" for details about foreign exchange and our 
business. 
Tax Act. In December 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act), which significantly revises the U.S. corporate income tax 
by lowering the U.S. corporate income tax rate. During fiscal 2018, we recorded a provisional net charge of $43 million related to the transitional impacts 
of the Tax Act. Our fiscal 2019 effective tax rate will not include these transitional impacts of the Tax Act and will include a full year of the lower U.S. 
corporate income tax rate. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
Foundation. In fiscal 2018, we established the Brown-Forman Foundation with an initial contribution of$70 million, which we do not expect to repeat 
in fiscal 2019. The expense recorded to establish the Foundation was removed from our underlying change in fiscal 2018 SG&A and operating income 
measures. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for details. 
Tariffs. In response to the U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum, the European Union and several other countries including Canada, China, Russia, and 
Turkey have threatened retaliatory tariffs. In addition, Mexico has imposed retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods, including American whiskey. We have a 
significant U.S. manufacturing base and export our American whiskeys around the world. As the extent of any potential tariffs from key U.S. trading 
partners is uncertain, their potential impact on our business is unknown. We continue to monitor this situation and consider measures to mitigate risk. 
31 

Results of Operations 
Fiscal 2018 Market Highlights 
The following table shows net sales results for our ten largest markets, summarized by geographic area, for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 201 7. We 
discuss the most significant changes in net sales for each market. 
Top 10 Markets - Percentage of Fiscal 2018 Total Net Sales and Fiscal 2018 Net Sales Growth by Geographic Area 
Net Sales% Change vs. 2017 
Estimated 
% of Fiscal 
Acquisitions 
Net Chg in 
2018 Net 
and 
Foreign 
Distributor 
M.,.rl.<>t.,1 
Sales 
Reported 
Divestitures 
Exchange 
Inventories 
Underlying2 
27% 
12% 
-% 
(4%) 
-% 
8% 
Germany 
5% 
14% 
-% 
(4%) 
-% 
10% 
Poland 
3% 
15% 
-% 
(7%) 
-% 
7% 
Rest 
8% 
12% 
-% 
( 
,) 
2% 
9% 
Otherb~ub14pi11~~ 
14% 
10% 
-% 
1% 
9% 
Brazil 
1% 
34% 
-% 
3% 
28% 
Remaining geographies 
7% 
3% 
-% 
(1 %) 
3% 
5% 
Other non-branded 
3% 
11% 
-% 
9% 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
1See "Definitions" above for definitions of market aggregations presented here. 
2See ''Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for details on our use of "underlying change" in net sales, including how we calculate this measure and why we believe this 
information is useful to readers. 
The United States, our most important market, accounted for 4 7% ofour reported net sales in fiscal 2018, down from 48% in fiscal 2017. In fiscal 2018, 
reported net sales in the United States grew 7%, while underlying net sales increased 5%, after adjusting for an estimated net increase in distributor 
inventories. Underlying net sales gains were fueled by (a) the Jack Daniel's family of brands, led by JDTW, JDTH, and the launch of JDTR; (b) our premium 
bourbon brands, led by Woodford Reserve and Old Forester; and ( c) the growth ofour tequila brands. This growth was partially offset by declines of Korbel 
Champagne and Canadian Mist. 
Europe accounted for 27% of our reported net sales in fiscal 2018, up from 26% in fiscal 201 7. For fiscal 2018, reported net sales in Europe increased 
12%, while underlying net sales grew 8%, after adjusting for the positive effect of foreign exchange driven by the weakening of the dollar against the euro, 
Polish zloty, British pound, and Turkish lira. Underlying net sales growth was driven by gains in Germany, Russia, France, Poland, Turkey, the United 
Kingdom, and Spain. 
In the United Kingdom, underlying net sales growth was driven by the launch of JD Cider and higher volumes of JDTW. 
In Germany, underlying net sales growth was driven by higher volumes, higher prices, and favorable mix of JD RTDs and JDTW. JD RTDs benefited 
from the launch of JD Lynchburg Lemonade RTD in fiscal 2018. 
32 

In France, underlying net sales growth was primarily driven by higher volumes of JDTW and JDTH, as the Jack Daniel's family of brands continued 
to gain market share in the world's fourth largest whiskey market. 1 
In Poland, higher volumes of JDTW fueled underlying net sales growth driven by strong consumer takeaway trends. 
In Russia, underlying net sales growth was driven by higher pricing on Finlandia, partially offset by declines of JDTW. The higher price of Finlandia 
is partly attributed to import duties resulting from a change in our R TC in fiscal 201 7. 
Underlying net sales growth in the rest of Europe was led by increases in Turkey, Spain, and Ukraine. Growth in Spain has accelerated in fiscal 2018 
following our strategic investment in a new distribution operation. 
Australia accounted for 5% of our reported net sales in both fiscal 2018 and fiscal 201 7. In fiscal 2018, reported net sales grew 8%, while underlying 
net sales also increased 8% after adjusting for the positive effect of foreign exchange and the offsetting loss of net sales related to our TSA for Southern 
Comfort and Tuaca. Underlying net sales growth was led by higher prices of our core JD RTD brands, Jack Daniel's & Cola and Jack Daniel's Double Jack, 
along with volumetric growth of JDTW. 
Net sales for our other geographies constituted 14% of our reported net sales in both fiscal 2018 and fiscal 201 7. Reported net sales increased 10% in 
fiscal 2018 and underlying net sales were up 9% after adjusting reported results for the positive effect of foreign exchange driven by the weakening of the 
dollar against the Mexican peso and an estimated net decrease in distributor inventories. Underlying net sales growth was led by Mexico, Brazil, and China, 
partially offset by declines in Japan. 
Travel Retail accounted for4% of our reported net sales in fiscal2018 and fiscal 2017. Reported net sales increased 13% in fiscal 2018 and 
underlying net sales increased 8% after adjusting for an estimated net increase in distributor inventories. Underlying net sales growth in fiscal 2018 was 
driven by increased travel, stabilization of foreign exchange, and increased promotional activity resulting in higher volumes of JDTW, Woodford Reserve, 
and Gentleman Jack. 
Other non-branded accounted for3 % of our reported net sales in both fiscal 2018 and fiscal 201 7. Reported net sales decreased 2 %, while underlying 
net sales grew 9% after removing the net effect of acquired and divested businesses (primarily contract bottling sales related to our TSA agreement) and the 
positive effect of foreign exchange. The increase in underlying net sales was driven by higher volumes of used barrel sales and an increase in bulk whiskey 
sales, partially offset by declines in contract bottling sales. 
1IWSR, 2017 data. 
33 

Fiscal 2018 Brand Highlights 
The following table highlights the worldwide results of our largest brands for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. We discuss results of the brands most 
affecting our performance below the table. 
Major Brands Worldwide Results for Fiscal 2018 
Depletions 
Net Sales% Change vs. 2017 
Estimated Net 
Chg in 
Foreign 
Distributor 
Brand family / 
brand1 
Nine-Liter 
Cases 
(Millions) 
% Change 
vs. 2017 
Drinks-
Equivalent 
(Millions)' 
% Change 
vs. 2017 
Reported 
Exchange 
Inventories 
Underlying2 
Jack Daniel's 
24.9 
7% 
17.1 
6% 
8% 
Jack Daniel's 
Tennessee 
1.7 
8% 
1.7 
8% 
10% 
1% 
9% 
Gentleman Jack 
0.6 
7% 
Other Jack Daniel's 
brands 
0.3 
27% 
Finlandia 
3.0 
2% 
Herradura 
0.5 
15% 
0.5 
15% 
17% 
(1 %) 
3% 
19% 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
1See "Definitions" above for definitions of brand aggregations and volume measures presented here. 
2See ''Non-GAAP Financial Measures" above for details on our use of "underlying change" in net sales, including how we calculate this measure and why we believe this 
information is useful to readers. 
In fiscal 2018, the Jack Daniel's family of brands grew volumes 6% globally to 1 7.1 million drinks-equivalent nine-liter cases. Reported net sales for 
the family grew 8%, while underlying net sales increased 6% after adjusting for the positive effect of foreign exchange primarily due to the weakening of the 
dollar against the euro, Polish zloty, Turkish lira, British pound, and Mexican peso and an estimated net increase in distributor inventories in the United 
States. Jack Daniel's family ofbrands was the most significant contributor to our total underlying net sales growth in fiscal 2018. Here are details about the 
underlying performance of the Jack Daniel's family ofbrands: 
Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey generates a significant percentage of our total net sales, and is our top priority. JDTW is the largest brand in the 
world priced over $25 per 750 ml per bottle 1 and the world's fourth-largest premium spirits brand measured by both volume and retail value.2 During 
calendar 2017, JDTW grew volume for the 26th consecutive year2 and, among the top five premium spirits brands on the list, Jack Daniel's 
Tennessee Whiskey was the only one to grow volume in each of the past five years 1 - an achievement that underscores our belief in the brand's 
sustainable appeal and long-term growth potential. JDTW grew volumes 5% globally in fiscal 2018, a significant increase from its 1 % growth rate in 
fiscal 201 7. JDTW reported net sales grew 6%, while underlying net sales increased 4% led by the United States, Brazil, Poland, Turkey, France, 
Travel Retail, Germany, and Australia. 
Since its introduction in late fiscal 2011, Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey has contributed significantly to our net sales growth. JDTH is now the 
15th largest brand in the world priced over$25 per750ml bottle. 1 In fiscal 2018, JDTHgrewvolumes by 8%, on top of the 6% growth rate last fiscal 
year. The brand grew reported net sales 10% and underlying net sales 9%, driven by higher volumes in the United States and France. 
1IWSR, 2017 data. 
2Based on industry statistics published by Impact Databank, a well-known U.S. trade publication, in March 2018. 
34 

The Jack Daniel's RTDs/RTP brands grew volume 9%, reported net sales 15%, and underlying net sales 14% in fiscal 2018. JD RTDs' underlying 
net sales growth was driven by higher prices in Australia and consumer-led volumetric gains and product innovation in Germany, the United States, 
and the United Kingdom. 
Gentleman Jack grew volumes 7% in fiscal 2018 and surpassed 600 thousand nine-liter cases entering its 30th year of production. The brand grew 
reported net sales 9% and underlying net sales 7%, driven by volumetric growth in the United States and Travel Retail, as increased media propelled 
stronger sales in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 201 7. 
Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire grew volumes 14%, reported net sales 20%, and underlying net sales 15% in fiscal 2018. Underlying net sales growth 
was led by the United States, along with expansion into Brazil and Chile. JDTF has grown volumes each year since its introduction in late fiscal 
2015. 
Our Other Jack Daniel's whiskey brands reported net sales grew 26% and underlying net sales increased 13%, fueled by the launch of JDTR in the 
fall of 2017. 
Woodford Reserve grew volumes 23 % in fiscal 2018 (after growing 18% in fiscal 201 7 and 26% in fiscal 2016) and was once again selected as an 
Impact's "Hot Brand."1 In addition, reported net sales increased 26% and underlying net sales grew 22% in fiscal 2018. The United States is by far the brand's 
most important market and was responsible for most of its growth during fiscal 2018. However, the brand continued its momentum outside the United States, 
growing volumes 21 %, driven by Travel Retail. We believe Woodford Reserve is the leading super-premium American whiskey globally, and is poised for 
continued growth as interest in bourbon continues to increase around the world. During fiscal 2018, Woodford Reserve became the official sponsor of the 
Kentucky Derby. We plan to continue devoting substantial resources to Woodford Reserve to support its growth potential, including sustained advertising 
and capital investments. 
Finlandia grew volumes 2% in fiscal 2018, while reported net sales increased 10%, and underlying net sales grew 5% after adjusting for the positive 
effect of foreign exchange and an estimated net increase in distributor inventories in Russia. The increase in underlying net sales was driven predominantly 
by higher prices in Russia, which was partly attributed to import duties resulting from a change in our route-to-consumer. 
el Jimador grew volumes 8% in fiscal 2018, while reported net sales increased 14%, and underlying net sales were up 9% after adjusting for the 
positive effect of foreign exchange due to the weakening of the dollar against the Mexican peso and an estimated net increase in distributor inventories in the 
United States. Underlying net sales growth was driven by higher volumes in the United States, where el Jimador remained on the Impact's "Hot Brands" list 1 
in calendar 2017. 
Herradura grew volumes 15% in fiscal 2018, while reported net sales increased 17%, and underlying net sales were up 19% after adjusting for the 
positive effect of foreign exchange due to the weakening of the dollar against the Mexican peso and an estimated net decrease in distributor inventories in 
the United States. This growth was driven primarily by increased volumes and higher prices in the brand's largest markets, the United States and Mexico. 
Mexico also benefited from consumer-led volumetric growth of Herradura Ultra, our "cristalino" tequila expression released in fiscal 2015. We remain 
focused on developing Herradura in the United States (where we continue to see considerable potential for growth), strengthening our position in Mexico, 
and continuing to build our presence in higher-value tequila markets throughout the world. 
1Impact Databank published the Impact's "Hot Brands - Spirits" list in March 2018. 
35 

Year-Over-Year Comparisons 
Net Sales 
30 
2018 
2017 
-% 
3% 
1% 
Volume 
5% 
2% 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
Fiscal 2018 compared to Fiscal 2017 
Net sales of $3,248 million increased 8%, or $254 million, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. After adjusting reported results for the positive effect 
of foreign exchange and an estimated net increase in distributor inventories, underlying net sales grew 6%. The positive effect of foreign exchange was 
driven primarily by the dollar's weakening against the euro, Polish zloty, and Mexican peso. Of the 6% change in underlying net sales, 5% was attributable 
to volume growth and nearly 2% was attributable to the positive impact of price/mix. Volume growth was led by the Jack Daniel's family of brands, tequilas, 
and premium bourbons. Improved price/mix was driven by (a) an increase in the share of sales of higher margin brands, most notably the Jack Daniel's family 
ofbrands and Woodford Reserve, and (b) higher average pricing on JD RTDs and tequilas. 
The primaty factors contributing to underlying net sales growth were: 
our American whiskey portfolio in the United States, led by Woodford Reserve, JDTW, JDTH, JDTF, Old Forester, Gentleman Jack, and the launch of 
JDTR; 
JDTW in the majority of international markets, most notably Brazil, Poland, Turkey, France, Travel Retail, Germany, and Australia; 
JD RTDs, led by volumetric gains and product innovation in Australia, Germany, the United States, and the United Kingdom; 
our tequila brands, led by (1) volume gains and higher prices of New Mix in Mexico, (2) higher volumes of Herradura and el Jimador in the United 
States, and (3) higher volumes ofHerradura, notably Herradura Ultra, in Mexico; 
Finlandia in Russia; 
used barrel volume growth; and 
Woodford Reserve outside of the United States, driven by Travel Retail. 
The primaty factors partially offsetting underlying net sales growth were declines of: 
Korbel Champagne volumes in the United States; 
contract bottling sales; and 
Canadian Mist volumes in the United States. 
Fiscal 2017 compared to Fiscal 2016 
Net sales of $2,994 million decreased 3 %, or $9 5 million, in fiscal 201 7 compared to fiscal 2016. After adjusting reported results for (a) the net effect of 
acquisitions and divestitures, (b) the negative effect of foreign exchange, and ( c) the estimated net decrease in distributor inventories, underlying net sales 
grew 3%. The negative effect of foreign exchange was driven primarily by the dollar's strengthening against the Mexican peso, euro, and British pound. The 
change in underlying net sales was driven almost equally by the positive impact of price/mix and volume growth. Volume growth was led by the Jack 
Daniel's family of brands and the tequilas, partially offset by declines in Canadian Mist. Improved price/mix was driven by (a) higher average pricing on 
JDTW and the tequilas, and (b) a shift in sales out oflower-priced brands (most notably, Canadian Mist) to higher priced brands (most notably, Jack Daniel's 
family ofbrands and Woodford Reserve); these gains were partially offset by declines in used barrel sales. 
36 

The primaty factors contributing to underlying net sales growth were: 
our American whiskey portfolio in the United States, led by JDTW, Woodford Reserve, Old Forester, and Gentleman Jack; 
JDTW in several international markets, most notably Poland, France, the United Kingdom, Japan, Mexico, and Travel Retail; 
our tequila brands, led by (1) higher prices and volume gains of New Mix in Mexico, (2) higher volumes of Herradura and el Jimador in the United 
States, and (3) higher volumes and price increases ofHerradura in Mexico; 
JD RTDs, partially due to new product introductions, led by Mexico, Germany, the United Kingdom, and Australia; 
Sonoma-Cutrer and Korbel Champagne in the United States; 
JDTF driven by launches in Germany, France, and Travel Retail; and 
Woodford Reserve outside of the United States, driven by distribution expansion in Travel Retail. 
The primaty factors partially offsetting underlying net sales growth were declines of: 
used barrel sales, reflecting lower prices due to increased supply of used barrels and somewhat weaker demand from blended Scotch industry buyers; 
JDTW in Belgium, Southeast Asia, sub-Saharan Africa, China, and Turkey; 
Canadian Mist volumes in the United States; and 
lower-margin agency brands that we no longer distribute. 
Cost of Sales 
30 
2018 
2017 
1% 
-% 
Estimated net 
in distributor inventories 
Volume 
5% 
2% 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
Fiscal 2018 compared to Fiscal 2017 
Cost of sales of $1,046 million increased $ 73 million, or 7%, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 201 7. Underlying cost of sales grew 8% after adjusting 
reported costs for (a) the net effect of our Scotch acquisition and the absence of sales related to our TSA for Southern Comfort and Tuaca and (b) an estimated 
net increase in distributor inventories. The increase in underlying costs of sales was driven by higher volumes and an increase in input costs, including wood 
and agave. Looking ahead to fiscal 2019, we currently expect that input costs will increase in the mid-single digits. 
Fiscal 2017 compared to Fiscal 2016 
Cost of sales of$973 million increased $28 million, or3%, in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. Underlying cost of sales grew4% after adjusting 
reported costs for the estimated net change in distributor inventories. The increase in underlying costs of sales was driven by higher volumes and an increase 
in input costs, including wood and grain. 
37 

Gross Profit 
30 
2018 
2017 
-% 
4% 
Estimated net 
in distributor inventories 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
Gross Margin 
30 
2018 
2017 
Price/mix 
0.3% 
0.1% 
Change in gross margin 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
Fiscal 2018 compared to Fiscal 2017 
Gross profit of $2,202 million increased $181 million, or 9%, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. Gross profit on an underlying basis improved 6% 
after adjusting reported gross profit for the positive effect of foreign exchange and an estimated net increase in distributor inventories. The increase in 
underlying gross profit resulted from the same factors that contributed to the increase in underlying net sales, partially offset by the same factors that drove 
higher underlying cost of sales. 
Gross margin increased to 67.8% in fiscal 2018, up 0.3 percentage points from 67.5% in fiscal 2017. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to 
(a) favorable price/mix, (b) the positive effect of foreign exchange, and (c) the net effect of acquisitions and divestitures, partially offset by an increase in 
underlying cost of sales. 
Fiscal 2017 compared to Fiscal 2016 
Gross profit of$2,02 l million decreased $123 million, or 6%, in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. Gross profit on an underlying basis improved 3% 
after adjusting reported gross profit for (a) the net effect of acquisitions and divestitures, (b) the negative effect of foreign exchange, and ( c) the estimated net 
change in distributor inventories. The increase in underlying gross profit resulted from the same factors that contributed to the increase in underlying net 
sales, partially offset by the same factors that drove higher underlying cost of sales. 
Gross margin decreased to 67.5% in fiscal 2017, down 1.9 percentage points from 69.4% in fiscal 2016. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due 
to (a) the net effect of acquisitions and divestitures, (b) the negative effect of foreign exchange, and ( c) an increase in underlying cost of sales. 
38 

Operating Expenses 
Percentage change versus 
Total operating expenses1 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
(6%) 
8% 
-% 
3% 
-% 
1Operating expenses include advertising expense, SG&A expense, and other expense (income), net. 
Fiscal 2018 compared to Fiscal 2017 
2% 
2% 
2% 
(1%) 
Operating expenses totaled $1,163 million and increased $131 million, or 13 %, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 201 7. Underlying operating expenses 
grew 4% after adjusting for the establishment of the Foundation and the negative effect of foreign exchange. 
Advertising expenses of$414 million increased $31 million, or 8%, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 201 7. Underlying advertising expenses 
increased 6% after adjusting reported results for the negative effect of foreign exchange. The increase in underlying advertising expense was driven 
by higher spending on (a) our American whiskey portfolio in the United States, including JDTW, Woodford Reserve, Gentleman Jack, and the 
launch of JDTR; (b) the continued rollout of Slane Irish Whiskey in the United States; and ( c) the expansion of our single-malt Scotch brands. 
SG&Aexpenses of$765 million increased $98 million, or 15%, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, while underlying SG&Aincreased 3% after 
adjusting reported results for the effect of our$ 70 million contribution to establish the Foundation and the negative effect of foreign exchange. The 
increase in underlying SG&A was driven by higher incentive compensation expenses and strategic investments, including our new Spain 
distribution operation, partially offset by lower pension expense and continued tight management of discretionary spending. 
Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 1.3 percentage points to 3 5 .8% in fiscal 2018, from 34.5% in fiscal 201 7. Our operating 
expenses as a percentage of net sales increased driven by our $70 million contribution to establish the Foundation. 
Fiscal 2017 compared to Fiscal 2016 
Operating expenses totaled $1,032 million and decreased $64 million, or 6%, in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. Underlying operating expenses 
declined 1 % after adjusting for the net effect of acquisitions and divestitures and the positive effect of foreign exchange. 
Advertising expenses of$3 83 million decreased $34 million, or 8%, in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. Underlying advertising expenses 
increased 2% after adjusting reported results for the net effect of acquisitions and divestitures and the positive effect of foreign exchange. The 
increase in underlying advertising expense was driven by higher spending on (a) JDTW, due in part to the 150th anniversary of Jack Daniel's 
Distillery, (b) JD RTDs, partially due to new innovations, and ( c) the launch of JDTF outside the United States. These increases were partially offset 
by lower spending for JDTF in the United States following the national introduction in late fiscal 2015 and for Finlandia Vodka. 
SG&A expenses of$667 million decreased $21 million, or 3%, in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016, while underlying SG&A dropped 2% after 
adjusting reported results for the positive effect of foreign exchange. The most significant contributors to the year-over-year decrease in underlying 
SG&A were lower compensation-related expenses and tight management of discretionary spending. 
Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 1.0 percentage point to 34.5% in fiscal 201 7, from 35 .5% in fiscal 2016. Our operating 
expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased driven by lower SG&A spend. 
39 

Operating Income 
Change in underlying operating income 
Note: Totals may differ due to rounding 
Fiscal 2018 compared to Fiscal 2017 
30 
2018 
2017 
-% 
35% 
8% 
7% 
Operating income was $1,039 million in fiscal 2018, an increase of$50 million, or 5%, compared to fiscal 2017. Underlying operating income growth 
was 8% after adjusting for (a) the establishment of the Foundation, (b) the positive effect of foreign exchange, and (c) an estimated net increase in distributor 
inventories, driven primarily by the United States. The same factors that contributed to the growth in underlying gross profit also contributed to the growth in 
underlying operating income, enhanced by meaningful operating expense leverage, as underlying SG&A spend grew 3% compared to underlying net sales 
growth of 6%. 
Operating margin declined 1.0 percentage point to 32.0% in fiscal 2018 from 33.0% in fiscal 2017. The decrease in our operating margin was primarily 
due to the 2.2 percentage point effect of the establishment of the Foundation, partially offset by operating expense leverage. 
Fiscal 2017 compared to Fiscal 2016 
Operating income was $989 million in fiscal 201 7, a decrease of $544 million, or 35%, compared to fiscal 2016. Underlying operating income growth 
was 7% after adjusting for (a) the net effect of acquisitions and divestitures, (b) the negative effect of foreign exchange, and ( c) the estimated net decrease in 
distributor inventories, driven primarily by the United States and Russia. The same factors that contributed to the growth in underlying gross profit also 
contributed to the growth in underlying operating income, enhanced by meaningful operating expense leverage, as SG&A spend declined and underlying 
advertising expenses grew 2% compared to underlying net sales growth of3%. 
Operating margin declined 16.6 percentage points to 33 .0% in fiscal 201 7 from 49 .6% in fiscal 2016. The decrease in our operating margin was 
primarily due to the net 16.6 percentage point effect of acquisitions and divestitures and the negative effect of foreign exchange, partially offset by a 
reduction in SG&A spend. 
Fiscal 2018 compared to Fiscal 2017 
Interest expense (net) increased $6 million, or 9%, in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017, due to a higher average long-term debt balance and a higher 
interest rate on our short-term borrowings. 
Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 was 26.6% compared to 28 .3 % in fiscal 201 7. The decrease in our effective tax rate was driven by an increase in 
the beneficial impact of foreign earnings at lower rates and an increase in excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, partially offset by the net 
impact of the Tax Act. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
Diluted earnings per share were $1.48 in fiscal 2018, up 8% from $1.3 7 in fiscal 2017. This increase resulted from (a) an increase in reported operating 
income (net of a $0.10 decrease from the establishment of the Foundation) and (b) the benefit of a lower effective tax rate. 
Fiscal 2017 compared to Fiscal 2016 
Interest expense (net) increased $12 million, or 29%, in fiscal 201 7 compared to fiscal 2016, primarily due to our July 2016 issuance of €300 million 
1.20% and £300 million 2.60% senior unsecured notes due on July 7, 2026, and July 7, 2028, respectively. 
Our effective tax rates for fiscal 201 7 and fiscal 2016 were 28.3%. An increase in the tax benefit related to discrete items and the beneficial impact of 
the excess tax benefits from stock-based awards decreased our effective tax rate. These were offset by (a) the absence of the beneficial impact of the sale of the 
Southern Comfort and Tuaca business, (b) a decrease in the beneficial impact of foreign earnings at lower tax rates, and ( c) an increase in foreign exchange 
gains in non-U.S. entities that were currently subject to U.S. tax. 
40 

Diluted earnings per share were $1.3 7 in fiscal 201 7, down 34% from $2.09 in fiscal 2016. This decrease resulted from the same factors that 
contributed to the decrease in reported operating income, including (a) the absence of the $0.70 gain from the sale of Southern Comfort and Tuaca in fiscal 
2016, (b) the absence of net income contribution from those brands, and ( c) higher interest expense in fiscal 201 7, partially offset by a reduction in shares 
outstanding due to share repurchases. 
41 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
Our ability to generate cash from operations consistently is one of our most significant financial strengths. Our strong cash flows enable us to invest in 
our people, invest in our brands, invest in our assets, pay dividends, make strategic acquisitions that we believe will enhance shareholder value, repurchase 
shares of common stock, and, from time to time, pay special dividends. Investment-grade credit ratings (Al by Moody's, A by Fitch, and A- by Standard & 
Poor's) provide us with financial flexibility when accessing global credit markets. We believe cash flows from operations are sufficient to meet our expected 
operating and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. 
Cash Flow Summary 
(Dollars in millions) 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Investing activities: 
Other 
Financing activities: 
debt 
240 
717 
345 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
$ 
(107) 
$ 
(81) 
$ 
57 
======== 
Fiscal 2018 compared to Fiscal 2017 
Cash and cash equivalents increased $57 million in fiscal 2018, compared to a decrease of $81 million in fiscal 2017. Cash provided by operations was 
down $ 7 million from fiscal 201 7, as a $124 million increase in discretionary contributions to our pension plans was largely offset by higher earnings (net of 
a $70 million contribution to establish the Foundation) and a $66 million decline in income tax payments. The decline in income tax payments reflects the 
impact of the contributions to the pension plans and charitable foundation and the lower federal tax rates resulting from the enactment of the Tax Act. 
Cash used for investing activities was $128 million during fiscal 2018, compared to $422 million for the prior year. The $294 million decrease largely 
reflects $307 million in cash paid to acquire BenRiach in June 2016, partially offset by a $15 million increase in capital spending during the current year. 
The increase in capital spending is largely attributable to the construction of new distilleries and homeplaces for both Slane Irish Whiskey and Old Forester 
and to the modernization and automation of our Brown-Forman Cooperage operation. 
Cash used for financing activities was $466 million during fiscal 2018, compared to $285 million for fiscal 2017. The $181 million increase largely 
reflects a special cash dividend payment of$481 million in April 2018, the repayment of$250 million of notes that matured in January 2018, and a $122 
million decrease in proceeds from long-term debt, partially offset by a $560 million decline in share repurchases and a $119 million decrease in net 
repayments of short-term borrowings. 
The impact on cash and cash equivalents as a result of exchange rate changes was an increase of $19 million for fiscal 2018, compared to a decline of 
$13 million in the prior fiscal year. 
Fiscal 2017 compared to Fiscal 2016 
Cash and cash equivalents declined $81 million during fiscal 2017, compared to a decline of$107 million during fiscal 2016. Cash provided by 
operations during fiscal 201 7 was $639 million, compared to $524 million in fiscal 2016. The $115 million increase in fiscal 201 7 largely reflected the 
absence of a $125 million payment made during fiscal 2016 for estimated income taxes incurred on the sale of the Southern Comfort and Tuaca business. 
Cash used for investing activities was $422 million during fiscal 2017, an increase of $855 million over the $433 million in cash provided by investing 
activities during fiscal 2016. The 
42 

increase of $855 million primarily reflected the impact of the sale of the Southern Comfort and Tuaca business (for which we received cash of $543 million) 
in fiscal 2016 and the acquisition ofBenRiach (for which we paid cash of $307 million) in fiscal 2017. 
Cash used for financing activities was $285 million during fiscal 2017, compared to $1,060 million during fiscal 2016. The $775 million decrease in 
cash used for financing activities largely reflected a $546 million decrease in share repurchases and a $4 77 million increase in proceeds from long-term debt 
net ofrepayments, partially offset by a $202 million decline in net proceeds from short-term borrowings and the payment of $3 0 million in November 2016 
to settle an obligation related to our acquisition of BenRiach. The impact on cash and cash equivalents as a result of exchange rate changes was a decline of 
$13 million for fiscal 2017, compared to a decline of$4 million in fiscal 2016. 
Capital Expenditures 
Over the past several fiscal years, we accelerated our capital spending in order to build the production platform for our current and future growth. 
Capital expenditures in three fiscal years from 2016 through 2018 were, on average, 3 2 % higher than the average of the five fiscal years prior to 2016. 
We have invested capital to expand production capacity, to undertake new business initiatives, and to save costs. 
Significant capacity expansion projects included (a) the expansion of our shipping warehouse facility and an additional warehouse for Jack Daniel's, 
(b) an expanded bottling facility and four new warehouses for Woodford Reserve, and (c) a new wood mill. 
The integrated distillery and homeplaces projects for Old Forester and Slane Irish Whiskey were the major new business initiatives. The Slane Irish 
Whiskey consumer experience opened in the fall of 2017, and the distillery is expected to open in the summer of2018. The Old Forester distillery is 
expected to open in June 2018. 
The most significant cost-saving initiative was the ongoing automation project at our Brown-Forman Cooperage facility. 
In fiscal 2019, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $13 0 million. We expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021 to 
remain elevated as we complete several key, multi-year projects. 
Share Repurchase Programs 
We have repurchased approximately 57 .7 million shares of our common stock under three separate repurchase programs since the beginning of fiscal 
2014. The following table summarizes information about those share repurchases by period. 
Shares Purchased 
Period 
Class A 
Class B 
Average Price Per Share, Including 
Brokerage Commissions 
Class A 
Class B 
$ 
$ 
Total Cost of 
Shares 
461 
558 
The following table summarizes information about those share repurchases by program. 
Dates 
Shares Purchased 
Class A 
Class B 
October 2014 
March 2016 
126,966 
32,598,022 
$ 
252,204 
57,444,980 
43 
Average Price Per 
Share, Including 
Brokerage Commissions 
Class A 
Class B 
36.72 
$ 
38.21 
$ 
$ 
Total Spent on 
Stock Repurchase 
Program 
1,250 
2,170 

Liquidity 
We continue to manage liquidity conservatively to meet current obligations, fund capital expenditures, sustain and grow our regular dividends, and 
return cash to our shareholders from time to time through share repurchases and special dividends while reserving adequate debt capacity for unforeseen 
events and acquisition opportunities. 
In addition to our cash and cash equivalent balances, we have access to several liquidity sources to supplement our cash flow from operations. One of 
those sources is our $800 million commercial paper program that we regularly use to fund our short-term credit needs and to maintain our access to the capital 
markets. During fiscal 201 7, our commercial paper borrowings averaged $57 6 million, with an average maturity of 31 days and an average interest rate of 
0.69%. During fiscal 2018, our commercial paper borrowings averaged $485 million, with an average maturity of 31 days and an average interest rate of 
1.39%. Commercial paper outstanding was $208 million at April 30, 2017, and $215 million at April 30, 2018. 
On November 10, 2017, we entered an amended and restated five-year credit agreement with various U.S. and international banks. The credit agreement 
provides an $800 million unsecured revolving credit commitment that expires on November 10, 2022. This agreement amended and restated our previous 
credit agreement dated November 18, 2011. The new agreement does not contain any financial covenants. 
The $800 million revolving credit facility is currently undrawn and supports our commercial paper program. Although unlikely, under extreme market 
conditions, one or more participating banks may not be able to fully fund its commitments under our credit facility. We believe the debt capital markets for 
bonds and private placements are accessible sources oflong-term financing that could meet any additional liquidity needs. We believe our current liquidity 
position is sufficient to meet all of our future financial commitments.We have high credit standards when initiating transactions with counterparties, and we 
closely monitor our counterparty risks with respect to our cash balances and derivative contracts. If a counterparty's credit quality were to deteriorate below 
our credit standards, we would expect either to liquidate exposures or require the counterparty to post appropriate collateral. 
As of April 30, 2018, approximately 88% of our cash and cash equivalents were held by our foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we expect to reinvest 
indefinitely outside of the United States. With the enactment of the Tax Act, we are evaluating our global working capital requirements and may change our 
current permanent reinvestment assertion in future periods. 
As announced on Januaty 23, 2018, our Board of Directors approved a number of capital deployment actions aimed at benefiting shareholders, 
employees, and the community. As further described below, these actions included a stock split and a special dividend. Additionally, U.S. tax reform afforded 
us an opportunity to tax-efficiently fund our pension plan and charitable giving programs that would have otherwise been funded in future years. We funded 
these actions with incremental debt (see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). 
The stock split was effected in the form of a dividend on both Class A and Class B common stock, paid in shares of Class B common stock. For evety 
four shares of either Class A or Class B common stock held, shareholders ofrecord as of the close of business on Februaty 7, 2018, received one share of Class 
B common stock, with any fractional shares paid in cash. The additional shares and cash for fractional shares were distributed to stockholders on Februaty 28, 
2018. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
In addition, the Board declared a special cash dividend of$1.00 per share on ourClassAand Class B common stock. Stockholders ofrecord on April 2, 
2018, received the special cash dividend on April 23, 2018. The total amount of this special dividend was $481 million. 
The Board also approved additional funding of $120 million for our U.S. pension plans, further strengthening an important employee retirement 
benefit. Further, with the goal of helping to fund our ongoing philanthropic endeavors in the communities where our employees live and work, we created 
and funded the Foundation with a contribution of $70 million in April 2018. The Foundation is expected to reduce ongoing expenses related to our annual 
giving programs. 
As announced on May 24, 2018, our Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.158 per share on our Class A and Class B 
common stock. Stockholders ofrecord on June 6, 2018, will receive the dividend on July 3, 2018. 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
As of April 30, 2018, we were not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our 
financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
44 

Long-Term Obligations 
We have long-term obligations related to contracts, leases, borrowing arrangements, and employee benefit plans that we enter into in the normal course 
of business (see Notes 4, 5, and 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The following table summarizes the amounts of those obligations as of April 30, 
2018, and the years when they are expected to be paid.1 We expect to meet these obligations with internally generated funds. 
Total 
2019 
2020-2021 
2022-2023 
After 2023 
1,327 
75 
150 
148 
954 
Grape purchases 
33 
12 
15 
5 
Postretirement benefits3 
8 
8 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
Total 
$ 
3,909 
$ 
120 
$ 
201 
$ 
423 
$ 
3,137 
======== 
1 Excludes liabilities for tax uncertainties, as we cannot reasonably predict their ultimate amount or timing of settlement. 
2 Reflects our current estimates of amounts and timing of repatriation tax resulting from the Tax Act ( discussed in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
3 As of April 30, 2018, we have unfunded pension and other postretirement benefit obligations of$173 million. Because we cannot determine the specific periods in which 
those obligations will be funded, the table above reflects no amounts related to those obligations other than the $8 million of expected contributions in fiscal 2019. 
4 As discussed in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we have obligations to purchase agave, a plant whose sap forms the raw material for tequila. As of April 30, 
2018, based on current market prices, obligations under these contracts totaled $28 million. Because we cannot determine the specific periods in which those obligations will be 
paid, the above table reflects only the total related to those obligations. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
Our financial statements reflect some estimates involved in applying the following critical accounting policies that entail uncertainties and 
subjectivity. Using different estimates or policies could have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
We have obtained most of our brands by acquiring other companies. When we acquire another company, we first allocate the purchase price to 
identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible brand names and trademarks ("brand names"), based on estimated fair value. We then record any 
remaining purchase price as goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives. We consider all of our brand names to 
have indefinite lives. 
We assess our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually. If an asset's fair value is less than its book value, 
we write it down to its estimated fair value. For goodwill, if the book value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we measure for potential 
impairment by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill, determined in the same manner as in a business combination, to the 
goodwill's book value. We estimate the reporting unit's fair value using discounted estimated future cash flows or market information. We typically estimate 
the fair value of a brand name using either the "relief from royalty" or "excess earnings" method. We also consider market values for similar assets when 
available. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value, including making assumptions about future cash flows, discount rates, and 
royalty rates. 
We have the option, before quantifying the fair value of a reporting unit or brand name, to evaluate qualitative factors to assess whether it is more likely 
than not that our goodwill or brand names are impaired. If we determine that is not the case, then we are not required to quantify the fair value. That 
assessment also takes considerable management judgment. 
During fiscal 2018, we recorded a $2 million impairment charge related to the write-off of the carrying amount of an immaterial discontinued brand 
name. Based on our assumptions, we believe neither our goodwill nor other intangibles are impaired. Further, we estimate the fair values to substantially 
exceed the carrying values of our goodwill and all other intangible assets. 
45 

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
We sponsor various defined benefit pension plans as well as postretirement plans providing retiree health care and retiree life insurance benefits. 
Benefits are based on factors such as years of service and compensation level during employment. We expense the benefits expected to be paid over 
employees' expected service. This requires us to make assumptions to determine the net benefit expense and obligations, such as interest rates, return on plan 
assets, the rate of salaty increases, expected service, and health care cost trend rates. 
The assets, obligations, and assumptions used to measure pension and retiree medical costs are determined at the beginning of the year ("measurement 
date"). Because obligations are measured on a discounted basis, the discount rate is a significant assumption. It is based on interest rates for high-quality, 
long-term corporate debt at each measurement date. The expected return on pension plan assets reflects expected capital market returns for each asset class 
that are based on historical returns, adjusted for the expected effects of diversification and active management (net of fees) of the assets. The other 
assumptions also reflect our historical experience and management's best judgment regarding future expectations. 
Beginning in fiscal 2018, we changed the method used to estimate the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for our U.S. 
pension and other postretirement benefit plans. The new estimation approach discounts the individual expected cash flows underlying the service cost and 
interest cost using the applicable spot rates derived from the yield curve used to discount the cash flows used to measure the benefit obligation at the 
beginning of the period. Previously, we estimated these service and interest cost components using a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the 
yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. We believe the new approach provides a more precise measurement of 
service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates. We accounted for 
this change in estimate prospectively, beginning May 1, 2017. The new approach does not affect the measurement of our plan obligations, but generally 
results in lower service cost and interest cost in periods when the yield curve is upward-sloping. For fiscal 2018, the new estimation approach reduced total 
service and interest cost by approximately $7 million when compared to the cost computed using the prior approach. 
The following table compares the assumed discount rates and expected return on assets used in determining net periodic benefit cost for fiscal 2018 to 
those to be used in determining that cost for fiscal 2019. 
Pension Benefits 
2018 
2019 
Discount rate for interest cost 
3.40% 
3.93% 
Medical and Life 
Insurance Benefits 
2018 
2019 
3.35% 
4.34% 
The changes in discount rates reflect changes in the yield curve since the prior measurement date. The decrease in expected return on assets reflects 
lower capital market return expectations for our current asset allocation. 
Using these assumptions, we estimate our pension and other postretirement benefit cost for fiscal 2019 will be approximately $32 million, compared to 
$34 million for fiscal 2018. Decreasing/increasing the assumed discount rates by 5 0 basis points would increase/decrease the fiscal 2019 cost by 
approximately $7 million. Decreasing/increasing the assumed return on plan assets by 50 basis points would increase/decrease the fiscal 2019 cost by 
approximately $4 million. 
Income Taxes 
Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions. We establish liabilities when some positions are likely to be challenged and may not 
succeed, despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable. We adjust these liabilities in light of changing circumstances, such as the 
progress of a tax audit. We believe current liabilities are appropriate for all known contingencies, but this situation could change. 
Years can elapse before we can resolve a particular matter for which we may have established a tax liability. Although predicting the final outcome or 
the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter can be difficult, we believe our liabilities reflect the likely outcome of known tax contingencies. 
Unfavorable settlement of any particular issue could require use of our cash. Conversely, a favorable resolution could result in reduced cash tax payments, the 
reversal of previously established liabilities, or some combination of these results, which could reduce our effective tax rate. 
On December 22, 201 7, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Act, which significantly changes U.S. corporate income taxes. Due to the complexity 
involved in applying the provisions of the Tax Act, we have made reasonable estimates of the effects and recorded provisional amounts in our financial 
statements as of and for the year ended April 30, 2018. As we complete our analysis 
46 

of the Tax Act and incorporate additional guidance that may be issued by the U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies, we may 
adjust the recorded provisional amounts in subsequent reporting periods. Those adjustments may materially impact our provision for income taxes and 
effective tax rate in the period in which the adjustments are made. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the 
Tax Act. 
New Accounting Pronouncements 
See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about accounting pronouncements that we have recently adopted and about new 
accounting pronouncements that we will adopt in future periods. 
Item 7 A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
Risk Management Framework 
Success in business requires risk-taking, but we must balance risk and reward appropriately. Our enterprise risk management process is intended to 
ensure that we take risks knowingly and thoughtfully and that we balance potential risks and rewards. Our integrated enterprise risk management framework 
is designed to identify, evaluate, communicate, and appropriately mitigate risks across our operations. Within this framework: 
Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our enterprise risk assessment and mitigation processes and procedures. The Board itself 
oversees some strategic enterprise risks and delegates responsibility for other risks to committees that report to the Board regularly on matters within 
their purview, and to management. 
The Audit Committee oversees policies and processes related to enterprise risk management, compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements, and financial reporting and accounting control risks. 
The Compensation Committee periodically reviews our compensation policies and practices to assess whether they could lead to unnecessaty 
risk taking. 
Our Enterprise Risk Management Committee, composed of managers from an array oflevels, functions, and geographies, reports to the Board at least 
annually. It leads our risk management program globally, which systematically identifies and evaluates the major risks we face, identifies people 
responsible for managing each risk, ensures that risk mitigation plans are in place and, together with internal audit, verifies that mitigation plans are 
being followed. 
Our Risk Management function identifies and assesses potential operational hazards and safety and security risks, and facilitates ongoing 
communication about those risks with the Enterprise Risk Management Committee and our executive leaders. Within Risk Management, our crisis 
management team facilitates simulations with the appropriate function and executive leaders to increase awareness and preparedness. 
Our Internal Audit Department evaluates the ongoing effectiveness of our key internal controls through periodic audit and review procedures. 
The Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer helps ensure that all of our employees' actions globally comply with all applicable laws, our Code of 
Conduct, and our internal policies. The Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer reports the status of our compliance efforts four times a year to the 
Audit Committee. 
Market Risks 
We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in foreign exchange rates, commodity prices affecting the cost of our raw materials and 
energy, and interest rates. We tty to manage risk responsibly through a variety of strategies, including production initiatives and hedging. Our foreign 
currency hedging contracts are subject to exchange rate changes, our commodity forward purchase contracts are subject to commodity price changes, and 
some of our debt obligations are subject to interest rate changes. Below, we discuss these exposures and provide a sensitivity analysis as to how these 
changes could affect our results of operations. See Notes 6 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in "Item 8. Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data" (the Consolidated Financial Statements) for additional information. 
See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details on our grape and agave purchase obligations, which are exposed to commodity price 
risk, and "Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" 
for a discussion of our pension and other postretirement plans' exposure to interest rate risks. Also see "Item lA. Risk Factors" for details on how economic 
conditions affecting market risks also affect the demand for and pricing of our products and how we are affected by exchange rate fluctuations. 
Foreign Exchange. The more we expand our business outside the United States, the more our financial results will be exposed to exchange rate 
fluctuations. This exposure includes sales of our products in currencies other than the dollar and the cost of goods, services, and manpower we purchase in 
currencies other than the dollar. Because we sell more in local currencies than we purchase, we have a net exposure to changes in the dollar's value. Foreign 
exchange rates also affect the carrying value of our foreign-currency-denominated assets and liabilities. To buffer these exchange rate fluctuations, we 
regularly hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure. But over the long term, our reported financial results will generally be negatively affected by a 
stronger dollar and positively affected by a weaker dollar. 
We estimate that our foreign currency revenue will exceed our foreign currency expenses by $807 million in fiscal 2019. We hedge those currencies 
considered to be significant exposures based on value at risk; the estimated transactional exposure for the hedged cmrencies is $734 million. 
We use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of our transactional foreign exchange risk and, in some circumstances, our net asset 
exposure. If these contracts remain effective, we will not recognize any unrealized gains or losses until we either recognize the underlying hedged 
transactions in earnings or convert the underlying hedged net asset exposures. At April 30, 2018, our total foreign currency hedges had a notional value of 
$1,098 million, with a maximum term outstanding of36 months, and were recorded as a net liability at theirfairvalue of$38 million. 
As of April 30, 2018, we hedged 64% of the estimated fiscal 2019 transactional exposure for hedged currencies by entering into foreign currency 
forward contracts. Considering these hedges and spot rates as of April 3 0, 2018 compared to fiscal 2018 's effective exchange rates, we expect a modest 
negative effect to our fiscal 2019 operating income. We estimate that a 10% increase/decrease in the average value of the dollar in fiscal 2019 relative to spot 
rates as of April 30, 2018 would decrease/increase our fiscal 2019 operating income by approximately $35 million. 

Commodity Prices. Commodity prices are affected by weather, supply and demand, as well as geopolitical and economic variables. To reduce price 
volatility, we use deliverable contracts for com (in which we take physical delivery of the com underlying each contract) rather than futures contracts or 
options. 
Interest Rates. As of April 30, 2018, our cash and cash equivalents ($239 million) and variable-rate debt ($215 million) are exposed to the risk of 
interest rate changes. Based on the net balance of these items, a 1 % increase in interest rates would result in a negligible decrease in net interest expense. 
47 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
Table of Contents 
Repo,ts of Management 
Report of'Independent Registered Pr:JJ!ic Accountini;; Finn 
ConsoHdated S:a.tements of Opera.ti om 
Com:olidated S;,atemcnts of Commdiens1ve Income 
Comolida,ed Ri)ance Sheet:; 
Consolida;,ed Statements of Ca--h Flo,vs 
Consolidated S,aten'<en1s of Stockholders' Egui,v 
Note:, to Consolidated Flrnmcial Sta:ernents 
Qµa;te;·l v F1nancrnl Infor:rnatiori (Unaudited: 
48 
50 
53 
54 
55 
56 
57 
8 l 

REPORTS OF MANAGEMENT 
MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Our management is responsible for the preparation, presentation, and integrity of the financial information presented in this report. The consolidated 
financial statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, including amounts based on 
management's best estimates and judgments. In management's opinion, the consolidated financial statements fairly present the Company's financial 
position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, comprising only independent directors, meets regularly with our external auditors, the independent 
registered public accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), with our internal auditors, and with representatives of management to review 
accounting, internal control structure, and financial reporting matters. Our internal auditors and PwC have full, free access to the Audit Committee. As set 
forth in our Code of Conduct and Corporate Governance Guidelines, we are firmly committed to adhering to the highest standards of moral and ethical 
behavior in our business activities. 
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13 a-15 (f) under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
As of the end of our fiscal year, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 
framework and criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 30, 2018. PwC has 
audited the effectiveness ofour internal control over financial reporting as of April 3 0, 2018, as stated in their report. 
Dated: 
June 13,2018 
By: 
/s/ Paul C. Varga 
Paul C. Varga 
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company 
By: 
/s/ Jane C. Morreau 
Jane C. Morreau 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
49 

Report oflndependent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
of Brown-Forman Corporation 
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Brown-Forman Corporation and its subsidiaries as of April 30, 2018 and 201 7, and 
the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 
April 30, 2018, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2018 
appearing under Item l 5(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over 
financial reporting as of April 3 0, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of 
April 3 0, 2018 and 201 7, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 3 0, 2018 in conformity 
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, 
effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the COSO. 
Basis for Opinions 
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial 
reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on 
Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company's consolidated financial statements and on the 
Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting 
Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities 
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether 
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated 
financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test 
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles 
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of 
internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material 
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included 
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's 
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as 
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the 
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance 
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the 
financial statements. 
50 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree 
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Isl PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Louisville, Kentucky 
June 13, 2018 
We have served as the Company's auditor since 1933. 
51 

Excise taxes 
Cost of sales 
Advertising expenses 
Gain on sale ofbusiness 
Operating income 
Interest 
Income taxes 
Earnings per share: 
Diluted 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
2016 
922 
945 
417 
(485) 
1,533 
46 
422 
$ 
2.09 
$ 
2017 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
52 
2018 
863 
953 
383 
414 
989 
1,039 
59 
68 
264 
260 
1.37 
$ 
1.48 

BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
(Dollars in millions) 
2016 
Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
53 
2017 
2018 

April 30, 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Inventories: 
Finished goods 
Raw materials and supplies 
Other current assets 
Property, plant, and equipment, net 
Other intangible assets 
Other assets 
Accrued income taxes 
Current portion oflong-term debt 
Long-term debt 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(Dollars in millions) 
LIABILITIES 
Accrued pension and other postretirement benefits 
Total liabilities 
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
Class A, voting, $0.15 par value (170,000,000 shares authorized) 
Additional paid-in capital 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
Total stockholders' equity 
$ 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
54 
2017 
2018 
182 
$ 
239 
186 
225 
92 
90 
342 
298 
713 
780 
641 
670 
151 
192 
9 
25 
249 
1,689 
2,341 
314 
191 
3,255 
3,660 
25 
25 
65 
4 

Net income 
Gain on sale of business 
Other, net 
Accounts receivable 
Other current assets 
Accrued income taxes 
Cash provided by operating activities 
Proceeds from sale of business 
Additions to 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(Dollars in millions) 
2016 
$ 
Cash provided by (used for) investing activities 
Net payments related to exercise of stock-based awards 
Supplemental disclosure of cash paid for: 
Income taxes 
$ 
15 
2 
8 
7 
524 
543 
433 
80 
490 
(17) 
370 
430 
$ 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
55 
2017 
2018 
14 
19 
2 
4 
12 
29 
(11) 
16 
639 
632 
717 
595 
(10) 
(28) 
263 
182 
266 
$ 
200 

Net income 
Cash dividends ($0.524 per share) 
Stock-based compensation expense 
Loss on issuance of treasury stock issued under 
compensation plans 
Stock issued under compensation plans 
Balance at April 30, 2017 
Acquisition of treasury stock 
Stock issued under compensation plans 
Balance at April 30, 2018 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 
Class A 
Class B 
Additional Paid-
Retained 
Common Stock 
Common Stock 
in 
1,067 
(266) 
15 
(15) 
(36) 
$ 
25 
$ 
47 
$ 
4 
$ 
1,730 
$ 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
56 
AOCI 
12 
(378) 
$ 
Treasury 
Stock 
19 
(1) 
30 
(112) 
$ 
Total 
1,067 
(266) 
15 
(51) 
19 
1,370 
12 
(1) 
30 
1,316 
====== 

1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Dollars and other currency amounts in millions, except per share data) 
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). We also 
apply the following accounting policies when preparing our consolidated financial statements: 
Principles of consolidation. Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial 
interest. We eliminate all intercompany transactions. 
Estimates. To prepare financial statements that conform with GAAP, our management must make informed estimates that affect how we report revenues, 
expenses, assets, and liabilities, including contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
Cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include bank demand deposits and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. 
Allowance for doubtful accounts. We evaluate the collectability of accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. When we are aware of 
circumstances that may impair a specific customer's ability to meet its financial obligations, we record a specific allowance to reduce the net recognized 
receivable to the amount we believe will be collected. We write off the uncollectable amount against the allowance when we have exhausted our collection 
efforts. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $7 as of both April 30, 2017 and 2018. 
Inventories. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Approximately 52 % of our consolidated inventories are valued using the 
last-in, first-out (LIFO) cost method, which we use for the majority of our U.S. inventories. We value the remainder of our inventories primarily using the first-
in, first-out (FIFO) cost method. FIFO cost approximates current replacement cost. If we had used the FIFO method for all inventories, they would have been 
$272 and $290 higher than reported at April 30, 2017 and 2018, respectively. 
Because we age most of our whiskeys in barrels for three to six years, we bottle and sell only a portion of our whiskey inventory each year. Following 
industry practice, we classify all barreled whiskey as a current asset. We include warehousing, insurance, ad valorem taxes, and other carrying charges 
applicable to barreled whiskey in inventory costs. 
We classify bulk wine, agave inventories, tequila, and liquid in bottling tanks as work in process. 
Property, plant, and equipment. We state property, plant, and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation. We calculate depreciation on a straight-
line basis using our estimates of useful life, which are 20-40 years for buildings and improvements; 3-10 years for machinery, equipment, vehicles, furniture, 
and fixtures; and 3-7 years for capitalized software. 
We assess our property, plant, and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those 
assets may not be recoverable. When we do not expect to recover the carrying value of an asset ( or asset group) through undiscounted future cash flows, we 
write it down to its estimated fair value. We determine fair value using discounted estimated future cash flows, considering market values for similar assets 
when available. 
When we retire or dispose of property, plant, and equipment, we remove its cost and accumulated depreciation from our balance sheet and reflect any 
gain or loss in operating income. We expense the costs ofrepairing and maintaining our property, plant, and equipment as we incur them. 
Goodwill and other intangible assets. We have obtained most of our brands by acquiring other companies. When we acquire another company, we first 
allocate the purchase price to identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible brand names and trademarks ("brand names"), based on estimated fair 
value. We then record any remaining purchase price as goodwill. We do not amortize goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives. We consider all 
of our brand names to have indefinite lives. 
We assess our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually. If an asset's fair value is less than its book value, 
we write it down to its estimated fair value. For goodwill, if the book value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we measure for potential 
impairment by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill, determined in the same manner as in a business combination, to the 
goodwill's book value. We estimate the reporting unit's fair value using discounted estimated future cash flows or market information. We typically estimate 
the fair value of a brand name using either the "relief from royalty" or "excess earnings" method. We also consider market values for similar assets when 
available. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value, including the selection of assumptions about future cash flows, discount 
rates, and royalty rates. 
57 

We have the option, before quantifying the fair value of a reporting unit or brand name, to evaluate qualitative factors to assess whether it is more likely 
than not that our goodwill or brand names are impaired. If we determine that is not the case, then we are not required to quantify the fair value. That 
assessment also takes considerable management judgment. 
Foreign currency transactions and translation. We report all gains and losses from foreign currency transactions (those denominated in a currency 
other than the entity's functional currency) in current income. The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for most of our consolidated entities. The local 
currency is the functional currency for some of our consolidated foreign entities. We translate the financial statements of those foreign entities into U.S. 
dollars, using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date to translate assets and liabilities, and using the average exchange rate for the reporting 
period to translate income and expenses. We record the resulting translation adjustments in other comprehensive income (loss). 
Revenue recognition. We recognize sales when title and risk ofloss pass to the customer, typically when the product is shipped. We record sales net of 
estimated sales returns, allowances, and discounts. Net sales are further reduced by excise taxes that we collect from our customers and remit to governmental 
authorities. 
Cost of sales. Cost of sales includes the costs of receiving, producing, inspecting, warehousing, insuring, and shipping goods sold during the period. 
Shipping and handling fees and costs. We report the amounts we bill to our customers for shipping and handling as sales, and we report the costs we 
incur for shipping and handling as cost of sales. 
Advertising costs. We expense the costs of advertising during the year when the advertisements first take place. 
Selling, general, and administrative expenses. Selling, general, and administrative expenses include the costs associated with our sales force, 
administrative staff and facilities, and other expenses related to our non-manufacturing functions. 
Income taxes. We base our annual provision for income taxes on the pre-tax income reflected in our consolidated statement of operations. We establish 
deferred tax liabilities or assets for temporary differences between GAAP and tax reporting bases and later adjust them to reflect changes in tax rates expected 
to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. We record a valuation allowance as necessary to reduce a deferred tax asset to the amount that we 
believe is more likely than not to be realized. We do not provide deferred income taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that we expect to 
permanently reinvest. We record a deferred tax charge in prepaid taxes for the difference between GAAP and tax reporting bases with respect to the 
elimination of intercompany profit in ending inventory. 
We assess our uncertain income tax positions using a two-step process. First, we evaluate whether the tax position will more likely than not, based on 
its technical merits, be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation. For a tax position that does not meet this first 
criterion, we recognize no tax benefit. For a tax position that does meet the first criterion, we recognize a tax benefit in an amount equal to the largest amount 
of benefit that we believe has more than a 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. We record interest and penalties on uncertain tax 
positions as income tax expense. 
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements. We adopted the following Accounting Standards Updates (ASUs) issued by the Financial Accounting 
Standards Board (FASB) as ofMay 1, 2016: 
ASU 2015-07: Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share. This new standard amends the previous 
disclosure guidance related to investments measured at net asset value. Under the new standard, investments measured at net asset value as a 
practical expedient are no longer categorized in the fair value hierarchy. 
ASU 2016-09: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. This new guidance amends certain aspects of the accounting for 
stock-based compensation, including the income tax consequences. Under the new guidance, we recognize all tax benefits related to stock-based 
compensation as an income tax benefit in our statement of operations, and include all income tax cash flows within operating activities in our 
statement of cash flows. Under the previous accounting guidance, we recognized some of those tax benefits (excess tax benefits) as additional paid-
in capital and classified that amount as a financing activity in our statement of cash flows. We adopted these provisions of the new guidance on a 
prospective basis as of May 1, 2016. As a result, our net income and operating cash flows include excess tax benefits of $9 for fiscal 201 7 and $18 
for fiscal 2018. Prior period financial statements have not been adjusted. 
Also, under the new guidance, we recognize the excess tax benefits during the period in which the related awards vest or are exercised. Under the 
previous accounting guidance, we recognized those benefits during the period in which they reduced taxes payable. We adopted this provision of 
the new guidance on a modified retrospective basis with a cumulative-effect adjustment of $10 to retained earnings as of May 1, 2016. 
58 

New accounting pronouncements to be adopted. We will adopt the following ASUs as of May 1, 2018: 
ASU 2014-09: Revenue from Contracts with Customers. This new standard, along with various amendments, replaces existing revenue recognition 
guidance. The core principle of the standard requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an 
amount that reflects the consideration that it expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard also requires 
significantly more financial statement disclosures than existing revenue standards do. 
We have substantially completed our comprehensive assessment of the impact of the new guidance, and have concluded that adoption will not have 
a material impact on our financial statements. However, under the new standard, we will estimate and recognize the cost of certain customer 
incentives earlier than previously recognized. Although we expect this change in timing to shift the recognition of these costs among fiscal quarters, 
we do not expect the full-year impact to be significant. Additionally, some payments to customers that were previously classified as advertising or 
selling, general, and administrative expenses will be classified as reductions of sales under the new standard. We anticipate the impact of this change 
in classification to be insignificant as well. 
We will adopt the new standard using the modified retrospective method by recognizing the cumulative effect of applying the new standard as an 
adjustment to retained earnings as of May 1, 2018. We anticipate the adjustment, reflecting the accelerated recognition of the cost of certain 
customer incentives, to decrease retained earnings by approximately $30 (net of tax). We are in the process of finalizing the calculation of the 
adjustment, which will be completed during the first quarter of fiscal 2019. 
ASU 2016-15: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This new guidance addresses eight specific issues related to the 
classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. We expect the impact of the new guidance to be limited to a 
change in classification of cash payments for premiums on corporate-owned life insurance policies, which we currently reflect in operating activities. 
Under the new guidance, we plan to reflect those payments as investing activities. Upon adopting this new guidance, we will retrospectively adjust 
prior year cash flow statements to conform to the new classification. As a result, we expect to reclassify payments (from operating activities to 
investing activities) of approximately $1 7 and $21 for fiscal 201 7 and 2018, respectively. 
ASU 2016-16: Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. This revised guidance requires the recognition of the income 
tax consequences (expense or benefit) of an intercompany transfer of assets other than inventory when the transfer occurs. It maintains the existing 
requirement to defer the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intercompany transfer of inventory until the inventory is sold to an 
outside party. The guidance is to be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment, which we anticipate will 
increase retained earnings and decrease other liabilities by $27 as of May 1, 2018. 
ASU 201 7-04: Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. This updated guidance eliminates the second step of the ex1stmg two-step 
quantitative test of goodwill for impairment. Under the new guidance, the quantitative test will consist of a single step in which the carrying amount 
of the reporting unit will be compared to its fair value. An impairment charge would be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount 
exceeds the reporting unit's fair value; however, the amount of the impairment would be limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to the 
reporting unit. The guidance does not affect the existing option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine whether the 
quantitative impairment test is necessary. We do not expect adoption of the new standard, which is to be applied prospectively, to have an impact on 
our consolidated financial statements. 
ASU 2017-07: Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost. This new guidance addresses 
the presentation of the net periodic cost (NPC) associated with pension and otherpostretirement benefit plans. The guidance requires the service cost 
component of the NPC to be reported in the income statement in the same line item(s) as other compensation costs arising from services rendered by 
the pertinent employees during the period. The other components of the NPC are to be presented separately from the service cost and outside of 
income from operations. In addition, the guidance allows only the service cost component ofNPC to be eligible for capitalization when applicable. 
It is to be applied retrospectively for the presentation in the income statement and prospectively, on and after the effective date, for the 
capitalization of service cost. We estimate that the retrospective application will increase previously-reported operating income for fiscal 201 7 and 
fiscal 2018 by approximately $21 and $9, respectively. As the retrospective application will merely reclassify amounts from operating income to 
non-operating expense, there will be no effect on previously-reported net income or earnings per share. 
59 

In addition, the FASB has issued the ASUs described below that we are not required to adopt until May 1, 2019 (although early adoption is permitted). 
We are currently evaluating their potential impact on our financial statements. 
ASU 2016-02: Leases. This new standard replaces existing lease accounting guidance. Under the new standard, a lessee should recognize on its 
balance sheet a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The 
standard permits an entity to make an accounting policy election not to recognize lease assets and liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or 
less. The standard also requires additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures about leasing arrangements. It is to be applied using a modified 
retrospective transition approach for leases existing at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the adoption-period financial 
statements. We will adopt this standard as of May 1, 2019. 
ASU 2017-12: Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities. This new guidance is intended to better align hedge accounting with 
an entity's risk management activities and improve disclosures about hedges. The guidance expands hedge accounting for financial and 
nonfinancial risk components, eliminates the requirement to separately measure and report hedge ineffectiveness, simplifies the way assessments of 
hedge effectiveness may be performed, and amends some presentation and disclosure requirements for hedges. It is to be applied using a modified 
retrospective transition approach for cash flow and net investment hedges existing at the date of adoption. The amended presentation and disclosure 
guidance is required only prospectively. We have not yet determined our plans for adoption, but are considering the possibility of adopting this new 
guidance before the required adoption date. 
ASU 2018-02: Reclassification of Certain Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. This new guidance would allow a 
reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 
enacted by the U.S. government in December 201 7. It is to be applied either in the period of adoption or retrospectively to each period in which the 
effect of the change in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is recognized. We have not yet determined our plans 
for adoption, but are considering the possibility of adopting this new guidance before the required adoption date. 
There are no other new accounting standards to be adopted that we currently believe might have a significant impact on our consolidated financial 
statements. 
2. BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION 
Supplemental information on our year-end balance sheets is as follows: 
2017 
2018 
taxes 
$ 
210 
$ 
196 
$ 
342 
$ 
298 
Land 
$ 
81 
$ 
82 
659 
725 
$ 
713 
$ 
780 
$ 
137 
$ 
154 
Advertising and promotion 
111 
136 
Excise and other non-income taxes 
61 
77 
364 
427 
60 

3. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
The following table shows the changes in goodwill (which include no accumulated impairment losses) and other intangible assets over the past two 
years: 
Goodwill 
183 
Balance as of April 3 0, 201 7 
753 
Other Intangible 
Assets 
65 
641 
Our other intangible assets consist of trademarks and brand names, all with indefinite useful lives. During fiscal 2018, we recorded a $2 impairment 
charge related to the write-off of the canying amount of an immaterial discontinued brand name. 
4. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
Commitments. We made rental payments for real estate, vehicles, and office, computer, and manufacturing equipment under operating leases of $23, 
$23, and $26 during 2016, 2017, and 2018, respectively. We have commitments related to minimum lease payments of$18 in 2019, $13 in 2020, $8 in 2021, 
$4 in 2022, $1 in 2023, and $1 after 2023. 
We have contracted with various growers and wineries to supply some of our future grape and bulk wine requirements. Many of these contracts call for 
prices to be adjusted annually up or down, according to market conditions. Some contracts set a fixed purchase price that might be higher or lower than 
prevailing market prices. We have total purchase obligations related to both types of contracts of $12 in 2019, $9 in 2020, $6 in 2021, $4 in 2022, $1 in 
2023, and $1 after 2023. 
We also have contracts for the purchase of agave, which is used to produce tequila. These contracts provide for prices to be determined based on market 
conditions at the time of harvest, which, although not specified, is expected to occur over the next 10 years. As of April 30, 2018, based on current market 
prices, obligations under these contracts total $28. 
Contingencies. We operate in a litigious environment, and we are sued in the normal course of business. Sometimes plaintiffs seek substantial damages. 
Significant judgment is required in predicting the outcome of these suits and claims, many of which take years to adjudicate. We accrue estimated costs for a 
contingency when we believe that a loss is probable and we can make a reasonable estimate of the loss, and then adjust the accrual as appropriate to reflect 
changes in facts and circumstances. We do not believe it is reasonably possible that these existing loss contingencies, individually or in the aggregate, would 
have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. No material accrued loss contingencies are recorded as of April 30, 
2018. 
Guaranty. We have guaranteed the repayment by a third-party importer of its obligation under a bank credit facility that it uses in connection with its 
importation of our products in Russia. If the importer were to default on that obligation, which we believe is unlikely, our maximum possible exposure under 
the existing terms of the guaranty would be approximately $9 (subject to changes in foreign currency exchange rates). Both the fair value and canying 
amount of the guaranty are insignificant. 
As of April 30, 2018, our actual exposure under the guaranty of the importer's obligation is approximately $5. We also have accounts receivable from 
that importer of approximately $3 at that date, which we expect to collect in full. 
Based on the financial support we provide to the importer, we believe it meets the definition of a variable interest entity. However, because we do not 
control this entity, it is not included in our consolidated financial statements. 
61 

5. DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES 
Our long-term debt (net of unamortized discounts and issuance costs) consisted of: 
April 30. 
2017 
2018 
248 
248 
324 
361 
293 
4.50% senior notes, $500 principal amount, due July 15, 2045 
486 
487 
Less current 
249 
Debt payments required over the next five fiscal years consist of $0 in 2019, $0 in 2020, $0 in 2021, $0 in 2022, $250 in 2023, and $2,127 after 2023. 
The senior notes contain terms and covenants customary of these types of unsecured securities, including limitations on the amount of secured debt we 
can issue. 
We issued senior, unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of $300 in March 2018. Interest on these notes will accrue at a rate of3.50% and 
be paid semiannually. As of April 30, 2018, the carrying amount of these notes was $296 ($300 principal, less unamortized discounts and issuance costs). 
These notes are due on April 15, 2025. 
In addition, we issued senior, unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of $300 in March 2018. Interest on these notes will accrue at a rate of 
4.00% and be paid semiannually. As of April 30, 2018, the carrying amount of these notes was $293 ($300 principal, less unamortized discounts and issuance 
costs). These notes are due on April 15, 203 8. 
As of April 30, 2017, our short-term borrowings of$2 l l included $208 of commercial paper, with an average interest rate of 1.04%, and an average 
remaining maturity of 22 days. As of April 30, 2018, our short-term borrowings consisted of $215 of commercial paper, with an average interest rate of 2.04%, 
and an average remaining maturity of23 days. 
We have a committed revolving credit agreement with various U.S. and international banks for $800 that expires in November 2022. At April 30, 2018, 
there were no borrowings outstanding under this facility. 
6. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
The following table summarizes the assets and liabilities measured or disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis: 
2017 
April 30. 
Cash and cash 
$ 
Liabilities: 
Short-term borrowings 
Long-term debt 
Carrying 
Amount 
182 
$ 
211 
1,689 
Fair 
Value 
182 
$ 
211 
1,752 
Carrying 
Amount 
2018 
239 
$ 
215 
2,341 
Fair 
Value 
239 
215 
2,386 
Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous 
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We categorize the fair values of assets and 
liabilities into three levels based upon the assumptions (inputs) used to determine 
62 

those values. Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value, while Level 3 generally requires significant management judgment. The three levels 
are: 
Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
Level 2 - Observable inputs other than those included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted 
prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be derived from or corroborated by 
observable market data. 
Level 3 - Unobservable inputs supported by little orno market activity. 
We determine the fair values of our currency derivatives (forwards contracts) using standard valuation models. The significant inputs used in these 
models, which are readily available in public markets or can be derived from observable market transactions, include the applicable spot rates, forward rates, 
and discount rates. The discount rates are based on the historical U.S. Treasury rates. These fair value measurements are categorized as Level 2 within the 
valuation hierarchy. 
We determine the fair value oflong-term debt primarily based on the prices at which similar debt has recently traded in the market and also considering 
the overall market conditions on the date of valuation. These fair value measurements are categorized as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. 
The fair values of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term borrowings approximate the carrying amounts due to the short maturities of these instruments. 
We measure some assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. That is, we do not measure them at fair value on an ongoing basis, but we 
do adjust them to fair value in some circumstances (for example, when we determine that an asset is impaired). No material nonrecurring fair value 
measurements were required during the periods presented in these financial statements. 
7. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 
Our multinational business exposes us to global market risks, including the effect of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and 
interest rates. We use derivatives to help manage financial exposures that occur in the normal course of business. We formally document the purpose of each 
derivative contract, which includes linking the contract to the financial exposure it is designed to mitigate. We do not hold or issue derivatives for trading or 
speculative purposes. 
We use currency derivative contracts to limit our exposure to the currency exchange risk that we cannot mitigate internally by using netting strategies. 
We designate most of these contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted transactions ( expected to occur within three years). We record all changes in the fair 
value of cash flow hedges (except any ineffective portion) in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) until the underlying hedged transaction 
occurs, at which time we reclassify that amount into earnings. We assess the effectiveness of these hedges based on changes in forward exchange rates. The 
ineffective portion of the changes in fair value of our hedges (recognized immediately in earnings) during the periods presented in this report was not 
material. 
We had outstanding currency derivatives, related primarily to our euro, British pound, and Australian dollar exposures, with notional amounts totaling 
$1,188 and $1,098 at April 30,201 7 and 2018, respectively. 
During fiscal 2017, we designated some currency derivative forward contracts and foreign currency-denominated long-term debt as after-tax net 
investment hedges of our investments in certain foreign subsidiaries. During fiscal 2018, we continued to designate some foreign currency-denominated debt 
for that purpose. Any change in value of the designated portion of the hedging instruments is recorded in AOCI, offsetting the foreign currency translation 
adjustment of the related net investments that is also recorded in AOCI. The amount of foreign currency-denominated debt designated as net investment 
hedges was$511 and$633 as of April 30, 2017 and 2018, respectively. Our net investment hedges are intended to mitigate foreign exchange exposure 
related to non-U.S. dollar net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries against changes in foreign exchange rates. There was no ineffectiveness related to 
our net investment hedges in any of the periods presented. 
We do not designate some of our currency derivatives and foreign currency-denominated debt as hedges because we use them to at least partially offset 
the immediate earnings impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on existing assets or liabilities. We immediately recognize the change in fair value of 
these instruments in earnings.We use forward purchase contracts with suppliers to protect against com price volatility. We expect to physically take delivery 
of the com underlying each contract and use it for production over a reasonable period of time. Accordingly, we account for these contracts as normal 
purchases rather than as derivative instruments. 
During May 2015, we entered into interest rate derivative contracts (U.S. Treasury lock agreements) to manage the interest rate risk related to the 
anticipated issuance of fixed-rate senior, unsecured notes. We designated the contracts as cash flow hedges of the future interest payments associated with the 
anticipated notes. Upon issuance in June 2015 of an aggregate principal amount of $500 of the 4.50% notes, due July 15, 2045, we settled the contracts for a 
gain of$8. The entire gain was recorded to AOCI and will be amortized as a reduction of interest expense over the life of the notes. 
The following table presents the pre-tax impact that changes in the fair value of our derivative instruments and non-derivative hedging instruments had 
on AOCI and earnings during each of the last three years: 
cte:s1gna1:ect as cash flow 
reclassified from AOCI into 
n/a 
Classification in 
Statement of 
2016 
2017 
2018 
40 
8 

Net gain (loss) recognized in AOCI 
n/a 
8 
Sales 
n/a 
2 
Net gain (loss) recognized in earnings 
Other income 
3 
(21) 
We expect to reclassify $18 of deferred net losses on cash flow hedges recorded in AOCI as of April 3 0, 2018, to earnings during fiscal 2019. This 
reclassification would offset the anticipated earnings impact of the underlying hedged exposures. The actual amounts that we ultimately reclassify to 
earnings will depend on the exchange rates in effect when the underlying hedged transactions occur. The maximum term of outstanding derivative contracts 
was 36 months at both April 30, 2017 and 2018. 
63 

The following table presents the fair values ofourderivative instruments as of April 30, 2017 and 2018: 
Designated as cash flow hedges: 
April 30. 2018 
Currency derivatives 
derivatives 
Currency derivatives 
Balance Sheet Classification 
Other assets 
Other liabilities 
Other current assets 
Other current assets 
Accrued expenses 
Fair Value of 
Derivatives in a 
Gain Position 
2 
4 
Fair Value of 
Derivatives in a 
Loss Position 
(2) 
(5) 
The fair values reflected in the above table are presented on a gross basis. However, as discussed further below, the fair values of those instruments 
subject to net settlement agreements are presented on a net basis in our balance sheets. 
In our statement of cash flows, we classify cash flows related to cash flow hedges in the same category as the cash flows from the hedged items. 
Credit risk. We are exposed to credit-related losses if the counterparties to our derivative contracts default. This credit risk is limited to the fair value of 
the contracts. To manage this risk, we contract only with major financial institutions that have earned investment-grade credit ratings and with whom we have 
standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) agreements that allow for net settlement of the derivative contracts. Also, we have 
established counterparty credit guidelines that are regularly monitored, and we monetize contracts when we believe it is warranted. Because of these 
safeguards, we believe we have no derivative positions that warrant credit valuation adjustments. 
Some of our derivative instruments require us to maintain a specific level of creditworthiness, which we have maintained. If our creditworthiness were 
to fall below that level, then the counterparties to our derivative instruments could request immediate payment or collateralization for derivative instruments 
in net liability positions. The aggregate fair value of all derivatives with creditworthiness requirements that were in a net liability position was $9 and $38 at 
April 30, 2017 and 2018, respectively. 
Offsetting. As noted above, our derivative contracts are governed by ISDA agreements that allow for net settlement of derivative contracts with the same 
counterparty. It is our policy to present the fair values of current derivatives (that is, those with a remaining term of 12 months or less) with the same 
counterparty on a net basis in the balance sheet. Similarly, we present the fair values of noncurrent derivatives with the same counterparty on a net basis. 
Current derivatives are not netted with noncurrent derivatives in the balance sheet. 
64 

The following table summarizes the gross and net amounts of our derivative contracts: 
Derivative assets 
$ 
Derivative liabilities 
Gross Amounts of 
Recognized Assets 
(Liabilities) 
35 
(48) 
$ 
Gross Amounts 
Offset in Balance 
Sheet 
9 
Net Amounts 
Presented in Balance 
Sheet 
$ 
25 
(39) 
No cash collateral was received or pledged related to our derivative contracts as of April 3 0, 201 7 or 2018. 
8. PENSION AND OTHERPOSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS 
$ 
Gross Amounts Not 
Offset in Balance 
Sheet 
$ 
Net Amounts 
24 
(38) 
We sponsor various defined benefit pension plans as well as postretirement plans providing retiree health care and retiree life insurance benefits. Below, 
we discuss our obligations related to these plans, the assets dedicated to meeting the obligations, and the amounts we recognized in our financial statements 
as a result of sponsoring these plans. 
Obligations. We provide eligible employees with pension and other postretirement benefits based on factors such as years of service and compensation 
level during employment. The pension obligation shown below ("projected benefit obligation") consists of: (a) benefits earned by employees to date based 
on current salaty levels ("accumulated benefit obligation"); and (b) benefits to be received by employees as a result of expected future salaty increases. (The 
obligation for medical and life insurance benefits is not affected by future salaty increases.) The following table shows how the present value of our 
obligation changed during each of the last two years. 
Pension Benefits 
2017 
Service cost 
26 
Net actuarial loss 
Retiree contributions 
Obligation at end of year 
$ 
893 
$ 
2018 
2017 
24 
903 
$ 
Medical and Life 
Insurance Benefits 
52 
$ 
2018 
50 
Service cost represents the present value of the benefits attributed to service rendered by employees during the year. Interest cost is the increase in the 
present value of the obligation due to the passage of time. Net actuarial loss (gain) is the change in value of the obligation resulting from experience different 
from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption. (We discuss actuarial assumptions used at the end of this note.) Plan amendments may also 
change the value of the obligation. 
As shown in the previous table, the change in the value of our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations also includes the effect of benefit 
payments and retiree contributions. Expected benefit payments (net ofretiree contributions) over the next 10 years are as follows: 
Pension Benefits 
2020 
2022 
2024 - 2028 
65 
58 
61 
322 
Medical and Life 
Insurance Benefits 
3 
3 
17 

Assets. We invest in specific assets to fund our pension benefit obligations. Our investment goal is to earn a total return that, over time, will grow assets 
sufficiently to fund our plans' liabilities, after providing appropriate levels of contributions and accepting prudent levels of investment risk. To achieve this 
goal, plan assets are invested primarily in funds or portfolios of funds managed by outside managers. Investment risk is managed by company policies that 
require diversification of asset classes, manager styles, and individual holdings. We measure and monitor investment risk through quarterly and annual 
performance reviews, and through periodic asset/liability studies. 
Asset allocation is the most important method for achieving our investment goals and is based on our assessment of the plans' long-term return 
objectives and the appropriate balances needed for liquidity, stability, and diversification. As of April 30, 2018, our target asset allocation is a mix of 40% 
public equity investments, 47% fixed income investments, and 13% alternative investments. 
66 

The following table shows the fair value of pension plan assets by category as of the end of the last two years. (Fair value levels are defined in Note 6.) 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
4 
4 
Investments measured at net asset value: 
206 
Real estate funds 
63 
28 
Equity securities 
$ 
89 
$ 
$ 
$ 
89 
$ 
89 
$ 
$ 
4 
93 
trust funds2 : 
Fixed income funds 
362 
Short-term investments 
5 
funds4 
Total 
$ 
780 
1 This limited partnership interest was initially valued at cost and has been adjusted to fair value as determined in good faith by management of the partnership using various factors, 
and does not meet the requirements for reporting at the net asset value (NAV). The valuation requires significant judgment due to the absence of quoted market prices, the inherent 
lack of liquidity, and the long-term nature of the investment. 
2 Commingled trust fund valuations are based on the NAV of the funds as determined by the fund administrators and reviewed by us. NAV represents the underlying assets 
owned by the fund, minus liabilities and divided by the number of shares or units outstanding. For primarily all commingled trust funds other than real estate, redemptions are 
permitted daily with no notice period. The real estate fund is redeemable quarterly with 110 days notice. 
3 These limited partnership interests were initially valued at cost and have been adjusted using NAV per audited financial statements. Investments are generally not eligible for 
immediate redemption and have original terms averaging 10 to 13 years, although those periods may be subsequently extended. 
4 Hedge fund valuations are based primarily on the NAV of the funds as determined by fund administrators and reviewed by us. During our review, we determine whether it is 
necessary to adjust a valuation for inherent liquidity and redemption issues that may exist within a fund's underlying assets or fund unit values. 
67 

The following table shows how the fair value of the Level 3 assets changed during each of the last two years. There were no transfers of assets between 
Level 3 and either of the other two levels. 
Level 3 
Sales and settlements 
Balance as of April 3 0, 2018 
$ 
4 
The following table shows how the total fair value of all pension plan assets changed during each of the last two years. (We do not have assets set aside 
forpostretirement medical or life insurance benefits.) 
Pension Benefits 
2017 
2018 
Actual return on assets 
51 
contributions 
31 
Assets at end of year 
$ 
623 
$ 
2017 
53 
155 
780 
$ 
Medical and Life 
Insurance Benefits 
3 
$ 
2018 
We currently expect to contribute $5 to our pension plans and $3 to our postretirement medical and life insurance benefit plans during 2019. 
3 
Funded status. The funded status of a plan refers to the difference between its assets and its obligations. The following table shows the funded status of 
our plans. 
Pension Benefits 
April 30 
2017 
2018 
2017 
Medical and Life 
Insurance Benefits 
2018 
The funded status reflected above includes obligations attributable to our non-qualified Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan that is not funded 
with those plan assets presented above. However, we have set aside investments in corporate-owned life insurance policies to help cover these obligations. 
The value of those investments, which are included in "other assets" on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, is $81 and $98 as of April 30, 201 7 
and 2018, respectively. 
68 

The funded status is recorded on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as follows: 
Pension Benefits 
2017 
2018 
Net liability 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
(326) 
$ 
2017 
(300) 
$ 
Medical and Life 
Insurance Benefits 
4 
$ 
======== 
2018 
3 
The following table compares our pension plans whose assets exceed their accumulated benefit obligations with those whose obligations exceed their 
assets. (As discussed above, we have no assets set aside for postretirement medical or life insurance benefits.) 
Plan Assets 
2017 
2018 
Plans with accumulated benefit obligation in excess 
of assets 
575 
Accumulated 
Benefit Obligation 
2017 
2018 
729 
123 
Projected 
Benefit Obligation 
2017 
2018 
845 
149 
Pension cost. The following table shows the components of the pension cost recognized during each of the last three years. The amount for each year 
includes amortization of the prior service cost/credit and net actuarial loss/gain included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of the beginning of the 
year. 
Pension Benefits 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Interest cost 
35 
35 
29 
Amortization of: 
27 
25 
21 
Net cost 
$ 
49 
$ 
47 
$ 
34 
The prior service cost/credit, which represents the effect of plan amendments on benefit obligations, is amortized on a straight-line basis over the 
average remaining service period of the employees expected to receive the benefits. The net actuarial loss/gain results from experience different from that 
assumed or from a change in actuarial assumptions (including the difference between actual and expected return on plan assets), and is amortized over at least 
that same period. The estimated amount of prior service cost and net actuarial loss that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into 
pension cost in 2019 is $1 and $19, respectively. 
69 

Other postretirement benefit cost. The following table shows the components of the postretirement medical and life insurance benefit cost that we 
recognized during each of the last three years. 
Medical and Life Insurance Benefits 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Interest cost 
2 
2 
Net cost 
$ 
2 
$ 
$ 
The estimated amount of prior service credit and net actuarial loss that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into 
postretirement medical and life insurance benefit cost in 2019 is $3 and $1, respectively. 
Other comprehensive income (loss). Prior service cost/credit and net actuarial loss/gain are recognized in other comprehensive income or loss (OCI) 
during the period in which they arise. These amounts are later amortized from accumulated OCI into pension and other postretirement benefit cost over future 
periods as described above. The following table shows the pre-tax effect of these amounts on OCI during each of the last three years. 
Medical and Life 
Pension Benefits 
Insurance Benefits 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Net actuarial gain (loss) 
(46) 
24 
10 
Prior service cost (credit) 
(2) 
(3) 
(3) 
Net amount recognized in OCI 
$ 
(18) 
$ 
50 
$ 
26 
$ 
$ 
2 
$ 
(1) 
Assumptions and sensitivity. We use various assumptions to determine the obligations and cost related to our pension and other postretirement benefit 
plans. The weighted-average assumptions used in computing benefit plan obligations as of the end of the last two years were as follows: 
Pension Benefits 
2017 
2018 
Rate of salary increase 
4.00% 
2017 
4.00% 
Medical and Life 
Insurance Benefits 
n/a 
The weighted-average assumptions used in computing benefit plan cost during each of the last three years were as follows: 
Pension Benefits 
2016 
2017 
Discount rate for interest cost 
4.09% 
4.02% 
Expected return on plan assets 
7.00% 
7.00% 
2018 
2016 
3.40% 
4.09% 
6.75% 
n/a 
Medical and Life 
Insurance Benefits 
2017 
3.96% 
n/a 
2018 
n/a 
2018 
3.35% 
n/a 
The assumed discount rates are determined using a yield curve based on the interest rates of high-quality debt securities with maturities corresponding 
to the expected timing of our benefit payments. Beginning in fiscal 2018, we changed the method used to estimate the service cost and interest cost for these 
benefit plans. The new estimation approach discounts the individual expected cash flows underlying the service cost and interest cost using the applicable 
spot rates derived from the yield curve used to discount the cash flows used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. Previously, we 
estimated these service and interest cost components using a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit 
obligation at the beginning of the period. We believe the new approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the 
correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the corresponding spot yield curve rates. 
70 

The assumed rate of salaty increase reflects the expected average annual increase in salaries as a result of inflation, merit increases, and promotions over 
the service period of the plan participants. 
The expected return on plan assets represents the long-term rate of return that we assume will be earned over the life of the pension assets. The 
assumption reflects expected capital market returns for each asset class, which are based on historical returns, adjusted for the expected effects of 
diversification and active management (net offees). 
The assumed health care cost trend rates as of the end of the last two years were as follows: 
2017 
Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline 
ultimate trend 
Medical and Life 
Insurance Benefits 
5.00% 
2018 
5.00% 
A one percentage point change in the assumed health care cost trend rate would not have significantly changed the accumulated postretirement benefit 
obligation as of April 30, 2018, or the aggregate service and interest costs for 2018. 
Savings plans. We also sponsor various defined contribution benefit plans that together cover substantially all U.S. employees. Employees can make 
voluntary contributions in accordance with their respective plans, which include a 401 (k) tax deferral option. We match a percentage of each employee's 
contributions in accordance with plan terms. We expensed $11, $11, and $12 for matching contributions during 2016, 2017, and 2018, respectively. 
International plans. The information presented above for defined benefit plans and defined contribution benefit plans reflects amounts for U.S. plans 
only. Information about similar international plans is not presented due to immateriality. 
9. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
The Brown-Forman 2013 Omnibus Compensation Plan is our incentive compensation plan, designed to reward participants (including eligible officers, 
employees, and non-employee directors) for company performance. Under the Plan, we can grant stock-based incentive awards for up to 20,750,000 shares of 
common stock to eligible participants until July 28, 2023. As of April 30, 2018, awards for approximately 14,791,000 shares remain available for issuance 
under the Plan. We tty to limit the source of shares delivered to participants under the Plan to treasury shares that we purchase from time to time on the open 
market (at times in connection with a publicly announced share repurchase program), in private transactions, or otherwise. 
The following table presents information about stock options and stock-settled stock appreciation rights (SSARs) granted under the Plan (or its 
predecessor plans) as of April 30, 2018, and for the year then ended. 
Granted 
Exercisable at April 3 0, 2018 
Number of 
Underlying 
Shares 
4,335 
$ 
Weighted 
Average 
Exercise Price 
Award 
39.07 
36.05 
23.17 
Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Term 
3.7 
The total intrinsic value ofoptions and SSARs exercised during 2016, 2017, and 2018 was $47, $28, and $73, respectively. 
71 
$ 
Aggregate 
Intrinsic Value 
142 

We grant stock options and SSARs at an exercise price equal to the market price of the underlying stock on the grant date. Stock options and SSARs 
become exercisable after three years from the first day of the fiscal year of grant and expire seven years after that date. The grant-date fair values of these 
awards granted during 2016, 2017, and 2018 were $7.62, $5.73, and $6.79 per award, respectively. We estimated the fair values using the Black-Scholes 
pricing model with the following assumptions: 
2016 
2017 
2018 
19.1 % 
16.3% 
15.6% 
Expected term (years) 
6.75 
7.00 
7.00 
We have also granted restricted stock units (RSUs), deferred stock units (DSUs), and shares of performance-based restricted stock (PBRS) under the Plan 
(or its predecessor plans). Approximately 670,000 shares underlying these awards, with a weighted-average remaining vesting period of0.8 years, were 
non vested at April 30, 2018. The following table summarizes the changes in the number of shares underlying these awards during 2018. 
Granted 
Vested 
Nonvested at April 30, 2018 
Number of 
Underlying Shares 
165 
670 
$ 
Weighted 
Average 
Fair Value at 
Grant Date 
33.68 
34.52 
39.84 
For PBRS awards, performance is measured based on the relative ranking of the total shareholder return of our Class B common stock during the three-
year performance period compared to that of the companies within the Standard & Po or's Consumer Staples Index at the end of the performance period, with 
specific payout levels ranging from 5 0% to 15 0%. 
The total fair value of RSUs, PBRS awards, and DSUs vested during 2016, 201 7, and 2018 was $10, $8, and $6, respectively. 
The accompanying consolidated statements of operations reflect compensation expense related to stock-based incentive awards on a pre-tax basis of 
$15 in 2016, $14 in 201 7, and $19 in 2018, partially offset by deferred income tax benefits of$6 in 2016, $5 in 2017, and $6 in 2018. As of April 30, 2018, 
there was $7 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation. That cost is expected to be recognized over a 
weighted-average period of 1.3 years. 
10. COMMON STOCK 
On May 26, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a two-for-one stock split for our Class A and Class B common stock, subject to stockholder approval 
of an amendment to our Restated Certificate oflncorporation. The amendment, which was approved by stockholders on July 28, 2016, increased the number 
of authorized shares of Class A common stock from 85,000,000 to 170,000,000. The amendment did not change the number of authorized Class B common 
shares, which remained at 400,000,000. 
The stock split, which was effected as a stock dividend, resulted in the issuance of one new share of Class A common stock for each share of Class A 
common stock outstanding and one new share of Class B common stock for each share of Class B common stock outstanding. The new shares were 
distributed on August 18, 2016, to shareholders ofrecord as of August 8, 2016. 
On May 24, 2017, we retired 67,000,000 shares of Class B common stock previously held as treasury shares. This retirement reduced the number of 
issued shares of Class B common stock by that same amount. 
On January 23, 2018, our Board of Directors approved a stock split, effected in the form of a stock dividend. For every four shares of either Class A or 
Class B common stock held, shareholders ofrecord as of the close ofbusiness on February 7, 2018, received one share of Class B common stock, with any 
fractional shares payable in cash. The additional shares and cash for fractional shares were distributed to stockholders on February 28, 2018. 
72 

The following table shows the effects of the stock splits and treasury stock retirement on the number of issued common shares: 
Issued 
Class A 
Class B 
Total 
Balance at April 30, 2018 
170,000 
314,532 
484,532 
Except for the pre-split share balances and activity included in the above table, all share and per share amounts reported in these financial statements 
and related notes are presented on a split-adjusted basis. 
The following table shows the change in outstanding common shares during each of the last three years: 
Ou ts tan ding 
Class A 
Class B 
Total 
Acquisition of treasury stock 
(114) 
(28,422) 
(28,536) 
Balance at 
2016 
Stock issued under compensation plans 
68 
530 
598 
stock 
(3 
Balance at April 30, 2018 
169,062 
311,939 
481,001 
11. EARNINGS PER SHARE 
We calculate basic earnings per share by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares 
outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share further includes the dilutive effect of stock-based compensation awards. We calculate that dilutive 
effect using the "treasury stock method" (as defined by GAAP). 
The following table presents information concerning basic and diluted earnings per share: 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Share data 
Dilutive effect of stock-based awards 
3,259 
3,442 
3,929 
PU#t¢<i••@#M~••¢§fufu9$••~Ii~t¢s• E#lt~t@(ji#g 
Diluted earnings per share 
$ 
2.09 
$ 
1.37 
$ 
1.48 
We excluded common stock-based awards for approximately 1,131,000 shares, 2,145,000 shares, and 805,000 shares from the calculation of diluted 
earnings per share for 2016, 201 7, and 2018, respectively, because they were not dilutive for those periods under the treasury stock method. 
73 

12. INCOME TAXES 
We incur income taxes on the earnings of our U.S. and foreign operations. The following table, based on the locations of the taxable entities from which 
sales were derived (rather than the location of customers), presents the U.S. and foreign components of our income before income taxes: 
2016 
2017 
2018 
305 
127 
230 
The income shown above was determined according to GAAP. Because those standards sometimes differ from the tax rules used to calculate taxable 
income, there are differences between: (a) the amount of taxable income and pretax financial income for a year; and (b) the tax bases of assets or liabilities 
and their amounts as recorded in our financial statements. As a result, we recognize a current tax liability for the estimated income tax payable on the current 
tax return, and deferred tax liabilities (income tax payable on income that will be recognized on future tax returns) and deferred tax assets (income tax refunds 
from deductions that will be recognized on future tax returns) for the estimated effects of the differences mentioned above. 
Total income tax expense for a year includes the tax associated with the current tax return ( current tax expense) and the change in the net deferred tax 
asset or liability (deferred tax expense). Our total income tax expense for each of the last three years was as follows: 
2016 
2017 
2018 
U.S. federal 
$ 
347 
$ 
226 
$ 
265 
State and local 
18 
8 
17 
Deferred: 
Foreign 
(17) 
(9) 
(13) 
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). The 
Tax Act significantly revises the U.S. corporate income tax by, among other things, lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates and implementing a territorial 
tax system. As we have an April 30 fiscal year-end, the lower corporate income tax rate was phased in, resulting in a U.S. statutory federal rate of 30.4% for 
our fiscal year ended April 3 0, 2018, and 21 % for subsequent fiscal years. During fiscal 2018, the impact of the lower tax rate resulted in a tax benefit of 
approximately $19. With the enactment of the Tax Act, we are evaluating our global working capital requirements and may change our current permanent 
reinvestment assertion in future periods. 
There are also certain transitional impacts of the Tax Act. As part of the transition to the new territorial tax system, the Tax Act imposes a one-time 
repatriation tax on deemed repatriation of historical earnings of foreign subsidiaries. In addition, the reduction of the U.S. corporate tax rate required us to 
adjust our U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities to the lower federal base rate of 21 %. These transitional impacts resulted in a provisional net charge of$43 
for the year ended April 30, 2018, comprised of a provisional repatriation U.S. tax charge of $91 and a provisional net deferred tax benefit of$48. 
The Tax Act also established new tax laws that may impact our financial statements beginning in fiscal 2019. These new laws include, but are not 
limited to (a) Global Intangible Low-Tax Income (GILTI), a new provision for tax on low-tax foreign earnings; (b) Base Erosion Anti-abuse Tax (BEAT), a 
new minimum tax; (c) repeal of the domestic production activity deduction; and (d) limitations on certain executive compensation. 
As noted, certain income earned by foreign subsidiaries must be included in U.S. taxable income under the GILTI provisions. The FASB allows an 
accounting policy election of either recognizing deferred taxes for temporary differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or recognizing such 
taxes as a current period expense when incurred. Due to the complexity of calculating 
74 

GILTI under the Tax Act, we have not determined which method we will apply. Therefore, we have not recognized any adjustments for GILTI tax in our fiscal 
2018 financial statements. We expect to elect an accounting policy in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. 
The changes included in the Tax Act are broad and complex. The final transition impacts of the Tax Act may differ from the above estimates, due to, 
among other things, changes in interpretations of the Tax Act, any legislative action to address questions that arise because of the Tax Act, any changes in 
accounting standards for income taxes or related interpretations in response to the Tax Act, or any updates or changes to estimates we have used to calculate 
the transition impacts, including impacts from changes to current year earnings estimates and foreign exchange rates of foreign subsidiaries. 
Shortly after the Tax Act was enacted, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, Income Tax 
Accounting Implications of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (SAB 118). Under SAB 118, companies are provided a measurement period, not to extend beyond one 
year since the date of enactment. To the extent a company's accounting for certain income tax effects are incomplete, the company may determine a 
reasonable estimate and record a provisional amount within the first reporting period in which a reasonable estimate can be determined. We expect to 
complete our analysis of the amounts recorded upon enactment of the Tax Act within the measurement period of one year. 
Our consolidated effective tax rate usually differs from current statutory rates due to the recognition of amounts for events or transactions with no tax 
consequences. The following table reconciles our effective tax rate to the federal statutory tax rate in the United States: 
Percent of Income Before Taxes 
2016 
2017 
2018 
State 
net of U.S. federal tax benefit 
1.0% 
0.9% 
0.8% 
Provisional 
of Tax Act 
-% 
-% 
2.5% 
Effective rate 
28.3% 
28.3% 
26.6% 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of the end of each of the last two years were as follows: 
April 30 
2017 
2018 
Postretirement and other benefits 
$ 
173 
$ 
89 
Inventories 
27 
48 
Valuation allowance 
Deferred tax liabilities: 
Total deferred tax liabilities 
75 

Details of the loss canyfoiwards and related valuation allowances as of the end of each of the last two years are as follows: 
April 30, 2017 
April 30, 2018 
Deferred Tax 
Valuation 
Deferred Tax 
Valuation 
Expiration (as of 
Gross Amount 
Asset 
Allowance 
Gross Amount 
Asset 
Brazil net operating losses 
49 
17 
(17) 
48 
16 
(16) 
None 
Various state net 
losses 
34 
2 
2033-2038 
$ 
184 
$ 
44 
$ 
(30) 
$ 
246 
$ 
51 
$ 
(29) 
1 As of April 30, 2018, gross amount includes loss carryforwards of $11 that do not expire and $30 that expire in varying amounts over the next 10 years. 
Although the losses in Brazil can be carried foiward indefinitely, it is uncertain whether we will realize sufficient taxable income to allow us to use 
these losses. The non-trading losses in the United Kingdom can also be carried foiward indefinitely. However, we know of no significant transactions that will 
let us use them. 
During 2014, we deferred a tax benefit of$95 that resulted primarily from the release of certain deferred tax liabilities in connection with an 
intercompany transfer of assets, composed primarily of an intangible asset. We have been amortizing the deferred benefit to tax expense over approximately 
six years for financial reporting purposes, in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification (ASC) 7 40-10-25-3 ( e) (Income Taxes) and ASC 810-45-8 
(Consolidation), resulting in a tax benefit of$5 in 2014, $15 in 2015, $16 in 2016, $16 in 2017, and $16 in 2018. The remaining balance of the deferred 
benefit, which is included in "other liabilities" on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet, was $27 as of April 30, 2018. As discussed in Note 1, 
revised accounting guidance (ASU 2016-16) will require the recognition of income tax consequences of intercompany transfers of assets other than inventory 
when the transfer occurs. Our adoption of this revised guidance will result in this balance being recognized as an increase in retained earnings rather than as a 
reduction in income tax expense. 
As of April 30, 2018, we had approximately $1,270 of undistributed earnings from our foreign subsidiaries ($1,053 at April 30, 2017). Historically, 
deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized on these earnings. However, upon enactment of the Tax Act, the undistributed earnings of our foreign 
subsidiaries are subject to U.S. tax due to the Tax Act's provision imposing a mandatory deemed repatriation tax on accumulated foreign earnings provision. 
As a result, we have provisionally recognized a one-time income tax expense of $91. Deferred tax liabilities were not provided for any additional outside 
basis differences inherent in our foreign subsidiaries (i.e. basis differences in excess of those subject to the mandatory deemed repatriation tax) as these 
amounts continue to be provisionally reinvested indefinitely outside the United States. If these amounts were not considered permanently reinvested, 
deferred tax liabilities would have been provided for additional income taxes (if any) and withholding taxes payable in various countries. A determination of 
the unrecognized deferred tax liabilities on the earnings reinvested indefinitely at April 30, 2018 is not practicable. 
At April 30, 2018, we had $11 of gross unrecognized tax benefits, $9 of which would reduce our effective income tax rate if recognized. A 
reconciliation of the beginning and ending unrecognized tax benefits follows: 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Additions for tax positions provided in prior periods 
2 
5 
Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
$ 
9 
$ 
9 
$ 
11 
We file income tax returns in the United States, including several state and local jurisdictions, as well as in several other countries in which we conduct 
business. The major jurisdictions and their earliest fiscal years that are currently open for tax examinations are 2011 for one state in the United States; 2016 in 
the United Kingdom; 2014 in Australia and Finland; 2013 in Brazil, Germany, Mexico and the Netherlands; and 2012 in Poland. The audit of our fiscal 2016 
U.S. federal tax return was concluded in the second quarter of fiscal 2018; we expect the audit of the fiscal 2017 U.S. federal tax return to be concluded in the 
first halfoffiscal 2019. In addition, we are participating in the Internal Revenue Service's Compliance Assurance Program for our fiscal 2018 tax year. 
We believe there will be no material change in our gross unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months. 
76 

13. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
The following table summarizes the change in each component of AOCI, net of tax, during 2018: 
Currency Translation 
Cash Flow Hedge 
Postretirement Benefits 
TotalAOCI 
Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
24 
(28) 
16 
12 
l?M~P¢¢• M• APm•:,m• 791•§ 
$ 
$ 
$ 
77 

The following table presents the components of net other comprehensive income (loss) during each of the last three years: 
Pre-Tax 
Tax 
Net 
Currency translation adjustments: 
Reclassification to earnings 
Cash flow hedge adjustments: 
Reclassification to earnings 1 
23 
Postretirement benefits adjustments: 
Reclassification to earnings2 
30 
Currency translation adjustments: 
Reclassification to earnings 
Cash flow hedge adjustments: 
Reclassification to earnings 1 
16 
Postretirement benefits adjustments: 
Reclassification to earnings2 
Currency translation adjustments: 
Reclassification to earnings 
Cash flow hedge adjustments: 
Reclassification to earnings 1 
11 
Postretirement benefits adjustments: 
Reclassification to earnings2 
20 
1Pre-tax amount is classified as sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
2Pre-tax amount is a component of pension and other postretirement benefit expense (as shown in Note 8, except for amounts related to non-U.S. benefit plans, about which no 
information is presented in Note 8 due to immateriality). 
78 
18 
2 
15 
13 

14. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION 
The following table presents net sales by product category: 
2016 
2017 
2018 
$ 
$ 
3,089 
$ 
2,994 
$ 
3,248 
The following table presents net sales by geography: 
2016 
2017 
2018 
United States 
$ 
1,491 
$ 
1,444 
$ 
1,539 
Australia 
153 
151 
163 
$ 
3,089 
$ 
2,994 
$ 
3,248 
Net sales are attributed to countries based on where customers are located. 
The net book value of property, plant, and equipment located outside the United States was $96 and $111 as of April 3 0, 201 7 and 2018, respectively. 
Other long-lived assets located outside the United States are not significant. 
We have concluded that our business constitutes a single operating segment. 
15. GAIN ON SALE OF BUSINESS 
On March 1, 2016, we sold our Southern Comfort and Tuaca brands to Sazerac Company, Inc. for $543 in cash. The total book value of the related 
business assets included in the sale was $49, and consisted of $11 in inventories, $16 in goodwill, and $22 in other intangible assets. As a result of the sale, 
we recognized a gain of $485 (net of transaction costs of $9) during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. 
79 

16. ACQUISITION OF BUSINESS 
On June 1, 2016, we acquired The BenRiach Distillery Company Limited (BenRiach) for aggregate consideration of $407, consisting of a purchase 
price of$341 and $66 in assumed debt and transaction-related obligations that we have since paid. The acquisition, which brought three single malt Scotch 
whisky brands into our portfolio, included brand trademarks, inventories, three malt distilleries, a bottling plant, and BenRiach's headquarters in Edinburgh, 
Scotland. 
The purchase price of$341 included cash of $307 paid at the acquisition date for 90% of the voting interests in BenRiach and a liability of $34 related 
to a put and call option agreement for the remaining 10% equity shares. Under that agreement, we could choose ( or be required) to purchase the remaining 
10% for £24 ($34 at the exchange rate on June 1, 2016) during the one-year period ending November 14,201 7. 
The purchase price of$341 was allocated based on management's estimates and independent appraisals as follows: 
Inventories 
Property, plant, and equipment 
Trademarks and brand names 
Total liabilities 
Net assets acquired 
$ 
June 1, 
2016 
158 
19 
65 
59 
96 
341 
Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. The goodwill resulting from this 
acquisition is primarily attributable to: (a) the value ofleveraging our distribution network and brand-building expertise to grow global sales of the existing 
single malt Scotch whisky brands acquired, (b) the valuable opportunity to develop new products and line extensions in the especially attractive premium 
Scotch whisky category, and ( c) the accumulated knowledge and expertise of the organized workforce employed by the acquired business. None of the 
goodwill amount of$183 is expected to be deductible fortax purposes. 
On November 1 7, 2016, we purchased the remaining 10% interest in BenRiach for cash of £24 ($30 at the exchange rate on that date) by exercising the 
call option described above. That cash payment is classified as a financing activity in the accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows. 
BenRiach's results of operations have been included in our financial statements since the acquisition date. Actual and pro forma results are not 
presented due to immateriality. 
80 

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 
(Expressed in millions, except per share amounts) 
Fiscal 2017 
Fiscal 2018 
First 
Second 
Third 
Fourth 
First 
Second 
Third 
Fourth 
Year 
Year 
480 
493 
610 
Basic EPS 
0.29 
0.41 
0.38 
0.30 
1.38 
0.37 
0.50 
0.39 
0.23 
1.49 
Cash dividends 
Paid 
0.136 
0.136 
0.146 
0.146 
0.564 
0.146 
0.146 
0.158 
1.158 
1.608 
Class A 
43.42 
43.56 
39.46 
40.04 
43.56 
42.75 
42.62 
51.30 
55.67 
55.67 
Class B 
40.32 
40.85 
37.63 
39.16 
40.85 
45.54 
45.62 
55.66 
56.52 
56.52 
Notes: 
1. Quarterly amounts may not add to amounts for the year due to rounding. Further, quarterly earnings per share (EPS) amounts may not add to amounts for the year because 
quarterly and annual EPS calculations are performed separately. 
2. Per share amounts have been adjusted for a 5-for-4 stock split that occurred in February 2018. 
3. Cash dividends for fiscal 2018 include a special dividend of$1.00 per share. 
81 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
None. 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial 
Officer (CFO) (our principal executive and principal financial officers), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined 
in Rule 13a-l 5(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")) as of the end of fiscal 2018. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO 
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures: (a) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in our reports filed 
or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms; and (b) 
include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in such reports is accumulated and 
communicated to the company's management, including the CEO and the CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter 
ended April 3 0, 2018, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. Management's 
report on our internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2018, and our independent registered public accounting firm's report on our internal 
control over financial reporting are set forth in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
Item 9B. Other Information 
None. 
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
PART III 
Information on our Executive Officers is included under the caption "Employees and Executive Officers" in Part I of this report. For the other 
information required by this item, see the following sections of our definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held July 26, 
2018, which information is incorporated into this report by reference: (a) "Election of Directors" (for biographical information on directors and family 
relationships); (b) "Code of Conduct" (for information on our Code of Ethics); (c) "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" (for 
information on compliance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act); (d) "Selection of Directors" (for information on the procedures by which security holders 
may recommend nominees to the Company's Board of Directors); and ( e) "Corporate Governance" (for information on our Audit Committee). 
Item 11. Executive Compensation 
For the information required by this item, refer to the following sections of our definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be 
held July 26, 2018, which information is incorporated into this report by reference: (a) "Compensation Discussion and Analysis"; (b) "Compensation 
Tables"; (c) "Director Compensation"; (d) "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation"; (e) "Compensation Committee Report"; and (f) 
"Pay Ratio Disclosure." 
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
For equity compensation plan information, refer to "Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer 
Purchases of Equity Securities." For the other information required by this item, refer to the section entitled "Stock Ownership" of our definitive proxy 
statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held July 26, 2018, which information is incorporated into this report by reference. 
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
For the information required by this item, refer to the following sections of our definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be 
held July 26, 2018, which information is incorporated into this report by reference: (a) "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions"; and (b) "Our 
Independent Directors." 
82 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
For the information required by this item, refer to the following sections of our definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be 
held July 26, 2018, which information is incorporated into this report by reference: (a) "Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm"; and 
(b) "Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures." 
PARTIV 
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
52 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
54 
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
56 
(a)(2) 
Financial Statement Schedule: 
We have omitted all other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
either because they are not required under the related instructions, because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and 
notes thereto, or because they do not apply. 
(a)(3) Exhibits: 
The following documents are filed with this report: 
32 
CEO and CFO Ccrtificarn1n pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec1iori 1350. as adPpted pursuant 1o Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxlcy Act of 2002 foot 
_, 
'to be l 
83 

4.3 
4.5 
4.7 
4.9 
4.11 
4.13 
4.15 
10.2 
The following documents have been previously filed: 
Second Sup,vleJT1en1al Indenture da1ed :is of"June 24 2015 het·ween Brovm-Forman Corpora1ion and U.S. B:mk NationalAssociation. as Trustee. 
incorporated into this report by reference ,o Exhibh 4A ofBrnv,'n-Forman Comorntion's Form 8-K filed on June 29. 20 J 5 (File No. 002-26821 ). 
Form of 2.25'% Note dt"e 2023 i,1comorated i,1to ;his rep mt by reference to Exbibit 4.5 of Brown-Fonna,1 Corporation's Form 8-K filed 0,1 
December 12 20J21FileNo.002-2682l'L 
Form of2.60()~.,;, Note chie 2028, incorporated in;o ;his repon bv reforence to Exhibit 4.6 ofBmwn--Forman Cor:aoration's Form 8-Kfiled on Julv 
8 2016 (File No. 002-26~2 l). 
i;1t(• ,his repoit by reforence to Exb1bit 4.6 of Brovm-Fotrna,1 Corporation's Form 8-K filed 0;1 
Officer's Cenifica,e dated June 29 2015 pursuant to Sections l.02. 2.02 3.01 and 3.03 of the lndemme dated as of April 2 2007 as 
supnlem~'.nt~'.d bv the First Sum,kmenta 1 lnden;ure dated as of D~'.cember l 3, 20 :0 and the Second Sup,v lemental Irnknture dated as of June 24. 
2015, between Brcnvn-Fo;rnan Corporation and [J.S. Bank f'.Jational Association. as Trustee. se,ting fonh the tern-:$ of the !:.500% No,es due 
2045. incorporated in;o tbis report by refr:rence to Exhibi1 4.3 of Bro\\lu--Forman Cornoration's Fom1 S-JASR Re0:i:,1ra11on SLikment filed on 
1M 
'"' 
Officers' Certificate dated March 26 2018 pursuant 1o tbe indent;ire dated April 2. 2007 as stmplemented by the first s;ipp)emental inden1ure 
dated as of December 13. 2010. and '~he secm1d su1)plememal indenture dated as ofJune 24 2015 be'~vveen Brn1,v11-Forrna,1 Corooration a,1d U.S. 
-1 
~; i\• -·r--
;~ 
h' 
,·, +· 
-
'
1 i¥1Pi Ci ~;~1--r-~ 
u 
;. 
¥ 
1 ,~ +-~ 
j~ 
-·+: 
:i. 
, ... 
,..( 
f)/ 
.~ 
~ 
Ci 
[\ 
,-
--; • 
~ 
Ci 
--
')V/ 
I 
, 
'., ,~ ')( "'' ]ncon1orBt~~d into 
A description of"the Bro\<.rn--Forman Comoration Nonqnalified Savings Plan. incotnorated into ;his report by refet·ence tc• Exhibit ,~J ofBro--sn-
Forma,1 Cornora,ion'-_ Form S-8 Registration S'rn,ernent filed on Semember 24 2010 I File No. 333-169564!."' 
84 

Exhibit Index 
10.4 
10.6 
10.8 
10.10 
10.12 
10.14 
10.15 
10.16 
Fearn of Emplovee S;ock Apnreciation Right Award Ai;:n::ement i,1comorated in1o this rep or; by reference ;o Ex hi bit l O(g) of Bro--.vn-Form;in 
Comora;,ion'._ Form ~-K filed on August 2_ 2006 {File No. 002-26821 ).·~ 
20}0 Fomt of Employee Stock--Settld Stock Appreci:ition Right Award Agree men;, i,1comorated into this report bv reference to Exhibit ] 0 
of 
Bro,.vn-Forman Corporation's Form. 8-K filed 0,1 July 23 2010 (File No. 002-26821 :.* 
20}0 Form of Restticted Stock /-\-ward Ag_reement. incorporaied into this report bv reforence to Exhibit 10.3 of [-3rnwn--Fonnan Corpor:ition's 
Form 8-K filed on Julv 23 2010 (File No. 002-26~2 l ).* 
O!J fon,_, L5 L0l O ffile No nrP.--2682] ). 
I 
Five-Year Credi; Agreemen;, dated :is of Novernber ] 8. 201] amon11 Brov,'Yt-Form;m Comoration cenain bomnvin11 s;ibsidiaries and certain 
lenders party thereto_ Barclays Capital as Syndication AgenL Bank of A.merica N.A and Citibank_ NA .. as Co-Documentation Agents U.S. 
B:mk Na;ional .,.\s:mci.ati.on as Administrative .,,.\0;ent and U.S. Bank T'fati.01rnl Association. B:ird;ivs Capital. l\1erri)l Lynch, Pi.erc:e. Fenner & 
<.:1,' 
H•_,-l('" -,r: 
~·1·0 l) 'I, r:,' 'OC: •·c ,.,fr'· 
or 
,_,_,,,_,--•• ,, _. 
f,))f':·;,•,o·". r, 
l )r1tedintothfarq::gntbyreforence 
364--Da_y Credit Agreement. dated :is of ~day 6. 2016 amonj;. Brnv,1n-Forman Coq:ioration, cenain lenders J,:Jmtv ;hereto. B:irclavs Capital. as 
Svndica1jor: iH;~nt. Rmk of Am~rica. N.A and Chibank. N.A as Co~Doc~xrr:.entation Ar.::e:1ts, US Ba:1k National A,.ssoc:i:iti.on a~, Administrative 
A.gent :md U.S. B:mk Nation;i) Associ:ition Barclavs Capirn), rvlerri ll Lvncb. Pierce Fenner & Sn'<ith lncorpor:ited and Ci;igrmrn Global 
Markets Inc .. as Join;, Lead A.rrangers and Joint Booknmnern_ incorporated into this reµo1-~ by reforrnce '~o Exhibit 10.l of Brn,.vn-Forman 
Corporation's FomJ 8-K filed on .:Vlay 6, 2016 !Fi.le No. 002-2682 l ). 
H1'b'\-'i1114\frtfra11•••Cdfoorat1011••Arnehded•••tfrid•••R¢itated••••NOt'1421hphN&••••Difoctfa••Defoffol'.l•·••S10¢k t•:itrn•••rfroghtrii••·••frico'di6fated••••ifrfo•••thi:::••••r"¢po1'i.•••by 
:-efo!'ei:l.(,i,~••tt!••E>:h1bit•••l•0•.1••6IBr6\'i\.n-F61:1.11frD••C6foofoi:i,fo'i, •• I<61:1.11••s-K•:filed••611••·rn1v••26,•2D•1•3·•ff?)W••No•.••002:-1082•l••)-"· 
-, •• ,, 
- ···:-
1 
""-
"\·-,, ·-: 'If I 
r 1 ,·" ._ f'q ·, ,-
,--~·-
' 1·: 
·.,,. rnorn'~ed iri;,o '~his reoor;, by reference to Exhibit 10.l of Bro,v,1-Fonnan 
85 

Exhibit Index 
10.24 
Five-Year Credi'~ Agreernen'~ dated as of t·-Jovember 10 2017 among Bro,v,1-Fonnan Corporation. cetrnin borrmving subsidiaries and certain 
lenders partv thereto, JPrv1or2an Chase Bank N.A. PNC Ba,Jk Na1 ional Association and Wells Fargo Ba,1k National Associatio,1 as Co-
Documentation Agents US Ba,1k National Association as Administrative Agent and US Ba,1k National Association Barclavs Ba,1k PLC 
Tvknill Lvncb. Pierce, Fenm'.r & Smi1h focomorated and Cifo:rrnun Global [Vla,ke!:, !nc .. a:, Co--Syndic;ition Af!.ents, Joint Lead A,ra:10:e,:, and 
Joint Booknmners, inc(•r~,oratcd rnto this repm-t bv reforence to Exhibit 10.l of Brovm-Fo;rna;1 Corporation's For:rn 8-K filed on November 13 
* Indicates management contract, compensatory plan, or arrangement. 
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
None. 
SIGNATURES 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its 
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
Date: June 13, 2018 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION 
(Registrant) 
Isl Paul C. Varga 
By: 
Paul C. Varga 
Chief Executive Officer and 
Chairman of the Company 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities on June 13, 2018, as indicated: 
Isl Geo. Garvin Brown IV 
By: 
Geo. Garvin Brown IV 
Director, Chairman of the Board 
Isl Paul C. Varga 
By: 
Paul C. Varga 
Director, Chief Executive Officer, 
and Chairman of the Company 
86 

Isl Patrick Bousquet-Chavanne 
By: 
Patrick Bousquet-Chavanne 
Director 
Isl Campbell P. Brown 
By: 
Campbell P. Brown 
Director 
Isl Stuart R. Brown 
By: 
Stuart R. Brown 
Director 
Isl Bruce L. Byrnes 
By: 
Bruce L. Byrnes 
Director 
Isl John D. Cook 
By: 
John D. Cook 
Director 
Isl Marshall B. Farrer 
By: 
Marshall B. Farrer 
Director 
Isl Laura L. Frazier 
By: 
Laura L. Frazier 
Director 
Isl Kathleen M. Gutmann 
By: 
Kathleen M. Gutmann 
Director 
87 

Isl Augusta Brown Holland 
By: 
Augusta Brown Holland 
Director 
Isl Michael J. Roney 
By: 
Michael J. Roney 
Director 
Isl Tracy L. Skeans 
By: 
Tracy L. Skeans 
Director 
Isl Michael A. Todman 
By: 
Michael A. Todman 
Director 
Isl Jane C. Morreau 
By: 
Jane C. Morreau 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
Isl Brian P. Fitzgerald 
By: 
Brian P. Fitzgerald 
Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting 
Officer 
(Principal Accounting Officer) 
88 

Col.A 
Description 
Allowance for doubtful accounts 
Deferred tax valuation allowance 
Allowance for doubtful accounts 
BROWN-FORMAN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
For the Years Ended April 30, 2016, 2017, and 2018 
(Expressed in millions) 
$ 
2017 
$ 
$ 
Col.B 
Balance at 
Beginning 
of Period 
10 
25 
7 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Col. C(l) 
Additions 
Charged to 
Costs and 
5 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Col. C(2) 
Additions 
Charged to 
Other 
Accounts 
(1) 
Doubtful accounts written off, net ofrecoveries. 
89 
Col.D 
Deductions 
$ 
2 
$ 
$ 
2 
(1) 
$ 
2 
$ 
$ 
Col.E 
Balance 
at End 
of Period 
9 
30 
7 

Exhibit 12 
RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 
The following table sets forth our historical ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the periods indicated. Earnings consist of income from continuing 
operations before income taxes, excluding undistributed minority interest in income of affiliates and fixed charges. Fixed charges consist of interest charges, 
whether expensed or capitalized and is inclusive of that portion of tax reserves we believe to be representative of interest and that portion ofrental expense 
we believe to be representative of interest. 
For the Years Ended April 30, 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 

Exhibit21 
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
Percentage of 
State or Jurisdiction 
Name 
100% 
Delaware 
BF FINCO, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
100% (3) 
Mexico 
B-F Korea, L.L.C. 
100% (5) 
Delaware 
100% 
Brown-Forman Beverages Europe, Ltd. 
100% (5) 
United Kingdom 
Brown-Forman 
Delaware 
Brown-Forman 
Brazil 
Brown-Forman Colombia S.A.S 
100% (5) 
Colombia 
Brown-Forman Deutschland GmbH 
100% (IO) 
Brown-Forman Dutch Holding, B.V. 
100% (5) 
Nether lands 
Brown-Forman France 
100% (5) 
France 
Brown-Forman 
Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
100% (l2) 
Mexico 
Brown-Forman Hungary 1 Kft. 
100% (14) 
Hungary 
Brnwr:- Fom_13,n lndia Priv::k Lir:11t~d 
Brown-Forman Italy, Inc. 
100% 
Kentucky 
Brown-Forman Latvia L.L.C. 
100% (5) 
Latvia 
Brown-Forman Middle East FZ-LLC 
100% (5) 
United Arab Emirates 
Brown-Forman Polska Sp. z o.o. 
100% (9) 
Poland 
Brown-Forman Rus L.L.C. 
100% (I?) 
Russia 
Brown-Forman Scotland Limited 
100% (4) 
Scotland 
Brown-Forman Spain, S.L. 
100% (5) 
Spain 
Brown-Forman 
L.L.C. 
100% (5) 

Percentage of 
State or Jurisdiction 
Name 
Securities Owned 
Of Incomoration 
Brown-Forman Thailand, L.L.C. 
100% 
Delaware 
Ltd. 
100% 0 9) 
China 
Chambord Liqueur Royale de France 
100% 
France 
Cosesa-BF S. de R.L. de C.V. 
100% (21) 
Mexico 
Jack Daniel's Properties, Inc. 
100% 
Delaware 
100% (16) (20) 
Ireland 
Slane Castle Irish 
100% (24) 
Ireland 
Sonoma-Cutrer Vineyards, Inc. 
100% 
California 
Washington Investments, L.L.C. 
100% 
Kentucky 
The companies listed above constitute all active subsidiaries in which Brown-Forman Corporation owns, either directly or indirectly, the majority of the voting securities. No 
other active affiliated companies are controlled by Brown-Forman Corporation. 
(I) 
Owned 99.991 % by Brown-Forman Hungary 1 Kft. and 0.009% by B-F Holding Hungary 2 Kft. 
(2) 
Owned by Brown-Forman Scotland Limited. 
(3) 
Owned 99% by Brown-Forman Dutch Holding B.V. and 1 % by Brown-Forman Beverages Europe, Ltd. 
(4) 
Owned by Brown-Forman Hungary 1 Kft. 
(5) 
Owned by Brown-Forman Netherlands, B.V. 
(6) 
Owned by Longnorth Limited. 
(7) 
Owned by Brown-Forman Hong Kong Ltd. 
(8) 
Owned 99% by Brown-Forman Corporation and 1 % by Brown-Forman Distillery, Inc, 
(9) 
Owned 81.8% by Brown-Forman Netherlands, B.V. and 18.2% by Brown-Forman Beverages Europe, Ltd. 
(IO) 
Owned by Brown-Forman Beverages Europe, Ltd. 
(It) 
Owned 90% by Brown-Forman Netherlands B.V. and 10% Brown-Forman Dutch Holding B.V. 
0 2) 
Owned 52.01 % by Brown-Forman Netherlands, B.V. and 47.99% by Brown-Forman Corporation. 
0 3) 
Owned by B-F Korea, L.L.C. 
0 4l 
Owned by AMG Trading, L.L.C. 
0 5) 
Owned 99.98% by Brown-Forman Netherlands B.V. and 0.02% Brown-Forman Dutch Holding B.V. 
0 6) 
Owned by Amercain Investments C.V. 
0 7) 
Owned 90% by Brown-Forman Netherlands B.V. and 10% Brown-Forman Deutschland GmbH. 
0 8) 
Owned 99% by Brown-Forman Holding Mexico S.A. de C.V. and 1 % by Brown-Forman Distillery, Inc, 
0 9) 
Owned by Brown-Forman Beverages North Asia, L.L.C. 
<20) 
Includes qualifying shares assigned to Brown-Forman Corporation. 
<21) 
Owned 99.9972% by BF FINCO S. de R.L. de C.V. and 0.00277% by Brown-Forman Beverages Europe, Ltd. 
(22) 
Owned by Jack Daniel's Properties, Inc. 
<23) 
Owned by Jack Daniel Distillery, Lem Motlow, Prop., Inc. 
<24) 
Owned by Slane Castle Irish Whiskey Limited. 

Exhibit 23 
Consent oflndependent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-205183) and S-8 (Nos. 333-38649, 333-
74567, 333-89294, 333-117630, 333-169564, and 333-190122) of Brown-Forman Corporation of our report dated June 13, 2018 relating to the financial 
statements, financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
Isl PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Louisville, Kentucky 
June 13, 2018 

Exhibit 31.1 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
I, Paul C. Varga, certify that: 
1. 
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Brown-Forman Corporation; 
2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the 
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this 
report; 
3. 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in 
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e )) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-
15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
a) 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those 
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
d) 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 
materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
5. 
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the 
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors ( or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
Dated: 
a) 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting. 
June 13,2018 
By: /s/ Paul C. Varga 
Paul C. Varga 
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the 
Company 

Exhibit 31.2 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
I, Jane C. Morreau, certify that: 
1. 
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Brown-Forman Corporation; 
2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessaty to make the 
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this 
report; 
3. 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in 
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e )) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-
15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
a) 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those 
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
d) 
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 
materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
5. 
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the 
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors ( or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
Dated: 
a) 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting. 
June 13,2018 
By: 
Isl Jane C. Morreau 
Jane C. Morreau 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer 

Exhibit 32 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
In connection with the Annual Report of Brown-Forman Corporation ("the Company") on Form 10-K for the period ended April 30, 2018, as filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof(the "Report"), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as 
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in the capacity as an officer of the Company, that: 
(1) 
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
(2) 
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
Dated: 
June 13, 2018 
By: 
/s/ Paul C. Varga 
Paul C. Varga 
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of 
the Company 
By: 
/s/ Jane C. Morreau 
Jane C. Morreau 
Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer 
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and 
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
This certificate is being furnished solely for purposes of Section 906 and is not being filed as part of the Report. 


