Apple Operations International Limited 
Directors' Report and Consolidated Financial Statements 
Year Ended 25 September 2021 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Year Ended 25 September 2021 
Directors' Report 
Directors' Responsibilities Statement 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Financial Statements and Notes 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
3 
16 
17 
20 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The directors present their report and audited consolidated financial statements of Apple Operations International Limited, 
(the "Company") and its subsidiaries (collectively the "Group") for the financial year ended 25 September 2021 ("2021"). The 
consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars ("$") and rounded to the nearest million (unless otherwise 
stated). 
The directors have elected to prepare the consolidated financial statements of the Group in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards and their interpretations approved by the International Accounting Standards Board as 
adopted by the European Union ("IFRS") and those parts of the Companies Act 2014 applicable to companies reporting 
under IFRS. The Company financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Financial Reporting Standard 102 ("FRS 
102") as issued by the Financial Reporting Council and the Companies Act 2014. 
The Company's ultimate and immediate parent is Apple Inc. ("Ultimate Parent", "Apple", or "Apple Inc."), a company 
incorporated in California, United States of America. 
The Company is incorporated in Ireland with a registration number of 76941. The registered office is Hollyhill Industrial 
Estate, Hollyhill, Co. Cork, Ireland. 
Principal Activities, Business Review and Future Events 
The Group develops, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and 
sells a variety of related services. 
The Group recorded net sales in 2021 of $211.1 billion (2020: $148.2 billion), an increase of 42.4%. Gross margin in 2021 
was 42.4% (2020: 39.1%). The Group incurred research and development ("R&D") costs in 2021 of $12.5 billion (2020: $15.5 
billion). Net income in 2021 was $56.2 billion (2020: $27.7 billion). Average full time equivalent employees for 2021 were 
52,563 (2020: 51,255). Net assets for 2021 were $58.8 billion (2020: $26.4 billion), an increase of $32.4 billion. 
The Company's principal activity is to serve as a holding company for the management of certain Apple subsidiary 
companies and other investments. The profit of the Company in 2021 was $26.0 billion (2020: $70.3 billion). 
The directors do not anticipate any significant change in activities for the Group and Company in the foreseeable future. 
Income Taxes 
The corporate income taxes reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, Balance Sheets, and Statements of 
Cash Flows do not include significant U.S.-level corporate taxes borne by Apple Inc., the ultimate parent of the Group. 
U.S.-level taxes are paid by Apple Inc. on investment income of the Group at the rate of 21.0% (2020: 21.0%) net of 
applicable foreign tax credits. In addition, changes in U.S. tax legislation that took effect in December 2017 subject certain 
current foreign earnings of the Group to a new minimum tax. 
Risks and Uncertainties 
The Group's business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition can be affected by a number of factors, 
whether currently known or unknown, including those described below. When any one or more of these risks materialize from 
time to time, the Group's business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition can be materially and adversely 
affected. 
Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Group's results of operations and financial condition, 
past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance. This discussion of risk 
factors contains forward-looking statements. 
Risks Related to COVID-19 
The Group's business, results of operations and financial condition have been adversely affected and could in the 
future be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
COVID-19 has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting governments and businesses to 
take unprecedented measures in response. Such measures have included restrictions on travel and business operations, 
temporary closures of businesses, and quarantine and shelter-in-place orders. The COVID-19 pandemic has at times 
significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global financial markets. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 3 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken by many countries in response have adversely affected and could in the 
future materially adversely impact the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. During the course of 
the pandemic, certain of the Group's component suppliers and manufacturing and logistical service providers have 
experienced disruptions, resulting in supply shortages that affected sales worldwide, and similar disruptions could occur in 
the future. The Group's retail stores, as well as channel partner points of sale, have been temporarily closed at various times. 
In many cases, as stores and points of sale have reopened, they are subject to operating restrictions to protect public health 
and the health and safety of employees and customers. The Group has at times required substantially all of its employees to 
work remotely. 
The Group continues to monitor the situation and take appropriate actions in accordance with the recommendations and 
requirements of relevant authorities. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact the Group's operational and 
financial performance remains uncertain and will depend on many factors outside the Group's control, including the timing, 
extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic, the emergence of new variants, the development, availability, distribution and 
effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, the imposition of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the 
pandemic on the global economy and demand for consumer products. Additional future impacts on the Group may include, 
but are not limited to, material adverse effects on demand for the Group's products and services, the Group's supply chain 
and sales and distribution channels, the Group's ability to execute its strategic plans, and the Group's profitability and cost 
structure. 
To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition, it 
may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Directors' Report. 
Macroeconomic and Industry Risks 
The Group's operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and 
adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Group has international operations with sales outside Ireland representing a majority of the Group's total net sales. In 
addition, the Group's global supply chain is large and complex and a majority of the Group's supplier facilities, including 
manufacturing and assembly sites, are located outside the U.S. As a result, the Group's operations and performance depend 
significantly on global and regional economic conditions. 
Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, new or increased tariffs and other 
barriers to trade, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment and currency 
fluctuations can materially adversely affect demand for the Group's products and services. In addition, consumer confidence 
and spending can be adversely affected in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, conditions in the 
real estate and mortgage markets, declines in income or asset values, changes to fuel and other energy costs, labor and 
healthcare costs and other economic factors. 
In addition to an adverse impact on demand for the Group's products, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional 
economic conditions can have a significant impact on the Group's suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, 
distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners. Potential effects include financial instability; inability to 
obtain credit to finance operations and purchases of the Group's products; and insolvency. 
A downturn in the economic environment can also lead to increased credit and collectibility risk on the Group's trade 
receivables; the failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions; reduced liquidity; and declines in the fair 
value of the Group's financial instruments. These and other economic factors can materially adversely affect the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group's business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, war, terrorism, 
natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions. 
Political events, trade and other international disputes, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial 
accidents and other business interruptions can harm or disrupt international commerce and the global economy, and could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group and its customers, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, 
distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners. 
The Group has a large, global business, and the Group believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade. 
Trade and other international disputes can result in tariffs, sanctions, and other measures that restrict international trade and 
can adversely affect the Group's business. Tariffs increase the cost of the Group's products and the components and raw 
materials that go into making them. These increased costs adversely impact the gross margin that the Group earns on its 
products. Tariffs can also make the Group's products more expensive for customers, which could make the Group's products 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 4 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
less competitive and reduce consumer demand. Countries may also adopt other measures, such as controls on imports or 
exports of goods, technology or data, that could adversely impact the Group's operations and supply chain and limit the 
Group's ability to offer its products and services as designed. These measures can require the Group to take various actions, 
including changing suppliers, restructuring business relationships, and ceasing to offer third-party applications on its 
platforms. Changing the Group's operations in accordance with new or changed trade restrictions can be expensive, time-
consuming, disruptive to the Group's operations and distracting to management. Such restrictions can be announced with 
little or no advance notice and the Group may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. 
Political uncertainty surrounding trade and other international disputes could also have a negative effect on consumer 
confidence and spending, which could adversely affect the Group's business. 
Many of the Group's operations and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the Group's suppliers and contract 
manufacturers, are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. In addition, such operations and 
facilities are subject to the risk of interruption by fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial 
accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity attacks, labor disputes, public health 
issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and other events beyond the Group's control. Global climate 
change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. Such events 
can make it difficult or impossible for the Group to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and 
inefficiencies in the Group's supply and manufacturing chain, and result in slowdowns and outages to the Group's service 
offerings. Following an interruption to its business, the Group can require substantial recovery time, experience significant 
expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant sales. Because the Group relies on single or limited sources for the 
supply and manufacture of many critical components, a business interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any 
negative consequences to the Group. 
The Group's operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. While 
the Group's suppliers are required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur 
and could result in disruption to the Group's business and harm to the Group's reputation. Major public health issues, 
including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the 
Group due to their impact on the global economy and demand for consumer products; the imposition of protective public 
safety measures, such as stringent employee travel restrictions and limitations on freight services and the movement of 
products between regions; and disruptions in the Group's supply chain and sales and distribution channels, resulting in 
interruptions of the supply of current products and delays in production ramps of new products. 
While the Group maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to 
cover all losses that may arise. 
Global markets for the Group's products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological 
change, and the Group may be unable to compete effectively in these markets. 
The Group's products and services are offered in highly competitive global markets characterized by aggressive price 
competition and resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products and services, short 
product life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, 
rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. 
The Group's ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative 
new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Group together with Apple Inc. designs and develops 
nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and 
related services. As a result, the Group together with Apple Inc. must make significant investments in R&D. There can be no 
assurance these investments will achieve expected returns, and Apple Inc. and the Group may not be able to develop and 
market new products and services successfully. 
The Group together with Apple Inc. currently holds a significant number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and has 
registered, and applied to register, additional patents, trademarks and copyrights. In contrast, many of the Group's 
competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the Group's 
products and infringing on its intellectual property. Effective intellectual property protection is not consistently available in 
every country in which the Group operates. If the Group and Apple Inc. is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative 
new products with attractive margins or if competitors infringe on the Group's or Apple lnc.'s intellectual property, the Group's 
ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be adversely affected. 
The Group has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer and tablet markets. The Group faces 
substantial competition in these markets from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other 
resources, as well as established hardware, software and digital content supplier relationships. In addition, some of the 
Group's competitors have broader product lines, lower-priced products and a larger installed base of active devices. 
Competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 5 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products at little or no profit or even at a loss. Some 
of the markets in which the Group competes have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall. 
Additionally, the Group faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Group's product features and applications 
within their products or collaborate to offer solutions that are more competitive than those they currently offer. The Group also 
expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate the Group's approach to providing components seamlessly within their 
offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions. 
The Group's services also face substantial competition, including from companies that have significant resources and 
experience and have established service offerings with large customer bases. The Group competes with business models 
that provide content to users for free. The Group also competes with illegitimate means to obtain third-party digital content 
and applications. 
The Group's business, results of operations and financial condition depend substantially on the Group's and Apple lnc.'s 
ability to continually improve its products and services to maintain their functional and design advantages. There can be no 
assurance the Group or Apple Inc. will be able to continue to provide products and services that compete effectively. 
Business Risks 
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Group must successfully manage frequent introductions 
and transitions of products and services. 
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the industries in which the Group competes, the Group and Apple Inc. 
must continually introduce new products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively 
stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services, and successfully manage the transition to these 
new and upgraded products and services. The success of new product and service introductions depends on a number of 
factors, including timely and successful development, market acceptance, the Group's ability to manage the risks associated 
with production ramp-up issues, the availability of application software for the Group's products, the effective management of 
purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, the availability of products in 
appropriate quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products and services may 
have quality or other defects or deficiencies. There can be no assurance the Group will successfully manage future 
introductions and transitions of products and services. 
The Group depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing 
partners, many of which are located outside of the U.S. 
Substantially all of the Group's manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in 
Asia. A significant concentration of this manufacturing is currently performed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often 
in single locations. The Group has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. While these 
arrangements can lower operating costs, they also reduce the Group's direct control over production and distribution. Such 
diminished control has from time to time and may in the future have an adverse effect on the quality or quantity of products 
manufactured or services provided, or adversely affect the Group's flexibility to respond to changing conditions. Although 
arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the Group generally 
remains responsible to the consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and 
experiences an unanticipated product defect liability from time to time. While the Group relies on its partners to adhere to its 
supplier code of conduct, violations of the supplier code of conduct occur from time to time and can materially adversely 
affect the Group's business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group relies on single-source outsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many 
components, and on outsourcing partners primarily located in Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the Group's 
hardware products. Any failure of these partners to perform can have a negative impact on the Group's cost or supply of 
components or finished goods. In addition, manufacturing or logistics in these locations or transit to final destinations can be 
disrupted for a variety of reasons, including natural and man-made disasters, information technology system failures, 
commercial disputes, military actions, economic, business, labor, environmental, public health or political issues, or 
international trade disputes. 
The Group has invested in manufacturing process equipment, much of which is held at certain of its outsourcing partners, 
and has made prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements. While these 
arrangements help ensure the supply of components and finished goods, if these outsourcing partners or suppliers 
experience severe financial problems or other disruptions in their business, such continued supply can be reduced or 
terminated, and the recoverability of manufacturing process equipment or prepayments can be negatively impacted. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 6 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
Future operating results depend upon the Group's ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on 
commercially reasonable terms. 
Because the Group currently obtains certain components from single or limited sources, the Group is subject to significant 
supply and pricing risks. Many components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to 
industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations that can materially adversely affect the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, the global semiconductor industry is experiencing high 
demand and shortages of supply, which has adversely affected, and could materially adversely affect, the Group's ability to 
obtain sufficient quantities of components and products on commercially reasonable terms or at all. While the Group has 
entered into agreements for the supply of many components, there can be no assurance the Group will be able to extend or 
renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all. Component suppliers may suffer from poor financial conditions, which can 
lead to business failure for the supplier or consolidation within a particular industry, further limiting the Group's ability to 
obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The effects of global or regional 
economic conditions on the Group's suppliers, described in "The Group's operations and performance depend significantly 
on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition," above, can also affect the Group's ability to obtain components. 
Therefore, the Group remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially 
adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group's new products often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product 
uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers' yields have matured or their manufacturing 
capacities have increased. The continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, can be affected for 
any number of reasons, including if suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of 
components customized to meet the Group's requirements. When the Group's supply of components for a new or existing 
product has been delayed or constrained, or when an outsourcing partner has delayed shipments of completed products to 
the Group, the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition have been adversely affected and future delays 
or constraints could materially adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. The 
Group's business and financial performance could also be materially adversely affected depending on the time required to 
obtain sufficient quantities from the source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source. 
The Group's products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could 
materially adversely affect the Group's business and result in harm to the Group's reputation. 
The Group offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing 
defects. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by the Group, often have issues 
that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products. Defects can also exist in 
components and products the Group purchases from third parties. Component defects could make the Group's products 
unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury. These risks may increase as the Group's 
products are introduced into specialized applications, including healthcare. In addition, the Group's service offerings can have 
quality issues and from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or errors. As a result, the Group's services from 
time to time have not performed as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. There can be no assurance the 
Group will be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software and services it offers. Failure to do so 
can result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting the Group's products and services. In addition, the 
Group can be exposed to product liability claims, recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, 
property, plant and equipment, and/or intangible assets, and significant warranty and other expenses, including litigation 
costs and regulatory fines. Quality problems can also adversely affect the experience for users of the Group's products and 
services, and result in harm to the Group's reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced 
demand for products and services, delay in new product and service introductions and lost sales. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of write-downs on the value of its inventory and other assets, in addition to purchase 
commitment cancellation risk. 
The Group records a write-down for product and component inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated 
demand, or for which cost exceeds net realizable value. The Group also accrues necessary cancellation fee reserves for 
orders of excess products and components. The Group reviews long-lived assets, including capital assets held at its 
suppliers' facilities and inventory prepayments, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the assets may not 
be recoverable. If the Group determines that an impairment has occurred, it records a write-down equal to the amount by 
which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. Although the Group believes its inventory, capital assets, 
inventory prepayments and other assets and purchase commitments are currently recoverable, there can be no assurance 
the Group will not incur write-downs, fees, impairments and other charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product 
obsolescence in the industries in which the Group competes. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 7 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The Group orders components for its products and builds inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments. 
Manufacturing purchase obligations cover the Group's forecasted component and manufacturing requirements, typically for 
periods up to 150 days. Because the Group's markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price 
changes, there is a risk the Group will forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or insufficient amounts of 
components or products, or not fully utilize firm purchase commitments. 
The Group relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the Group on 
commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
The Group's products and services are designed to include intellectual property owned by third parties, which requires 
licenses from those third parties. In addition, because of technological changes in the industries in which the Group currently 
competes or in the future may compete, current extensive patent coverage and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, the 
Group's products and services may unknowingly infringe existing patents or intellectual property rights of others. From time to 
time, the Group has been notified that it may be infringing certain patents or other intellectual property rights of third parties. 
Based on experience and industry practice, the Group believes licenses to such third-party intellectual property can generally 
be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. However, there can be no assurance the necessary licenses can be obtained 
on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Failure to obtain the right to use third-party intellectual property, or to use such 
intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms, can preclude the Group from selling certain products or services, or 
otherwise have a material adverse impact on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group's future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers. 
The Group believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party 
software applications and services. There can be no assurance third-party developers will continue to develop and maintain 
software applications and services for the Group's products. If third-party software applications and services cease to be 
developed and maintained for the Group's products, customers may choose not to buy the Group's products. 
The Group believes the availability of third-party software applications and services for its products depends in part on the 
developers' perception and analysis of the relative benefits of developing, maintaining and upgrading such software and 
services for the Group's products compared to competitors' platforms, such as Android for smartphones and tablets, 
Windows for personal computers and tablets, and PlayStation, Nintendo and Xbox for gaming platforms. This analysis may 
be based on factors such as the market position of the Group and its products, the anticipated revenue that may be 
generated, expected future growth of product sales, and the costs of developing such applications and services. 
The Group's minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer and tablet markets can make developers 
less inclined to develop or upgrade software for the Group's products and more inclined to devote their resources to 
developing and upgrading software for competitors' products with larger market share. When developers focus their efforts 
on these competing platforms, the availability and quality of applications for the Group's devices can suffer. 
The Group relies on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative software applications for its 
products. The Group's products and operating systems are subject to rapid technological change, and when third-party 
developers are unable to or choose not to keep up with this pace of change, their applications can fail to take advantage of 
these changes to deliver improved customer experiences and can operate incorrectly and can result in dissatisfied 
customers. 
The Group distributes third-party applications for its products through the App Store. For the vast majority of applications, 
developers keep all of the revenue they generate on the App Store. The Group only retains a commission from sales of 
applications and sales of digital services or goods within an application. From time to time, the Group has made changes to 
its App Store, including actions taken in response to competition, market and legal conditions. The Group may make further 
business changes in the future. New legislative initiatives, such as the proposed European Union ("EU") Digital Markets Act, 
could, if enacted, require further changes. The Group is also subject to litigation and investigations relating to the App Store, 
which have resulted in changes to the Group's business practices, and may in the future result in further changes. These 
changes could include how and to what extent the Group charges developers for access to its platforms and manages 
distribution of apps outside of the App Store. This could reduce the volume of sales, and the commission that the Group 
earns on those sales, would decrease. If the rate of the commission that the Group retains on such sales is reduced, or if it is 
otherwise narrowed in scope or eliminated, the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition could be 
materially adversely affected. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 8 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
Failure to obtain or create digital content that appeals to the Group's customers, or to make such content available 
on commercially reasonable terms, could have a material adverse impact on the Group's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
The Group contracts with numerous third parties to offer their digital content to customers. This includes the right to sell, or 
offer subscriptions to, third-party content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into the Group's own services. 
The licensing or other distribution arrangements for this content can be for relatively short time periods and do not guarantee 
the continuation or renewal of these arrangements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Some third-party content 
providers and distributors currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and can take actions to make 
it difficult or impossible for the Group to license or otherwise distribute their content. Other content owners, providers or 
distributors may seek to limit the Group's access to, or increase the cost of, such content. The Group may be unable to 
continue to offer a wide variety of content at commercially reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules. 
Some third-party digital content providers require the Group to provide digital rights management and other security 
solutions. If requirements change, the Group may have to develop or license new technology to provide these solutions. 
There can be no assurance the Group will be able to develop or license such solutions at a reasonable cost and in a timely 
manner. 
The Group depends on the performance of carriers, wholesalers, retailers and other resellers. 
The Group distributes its products through cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers, many of whom 
distribute products from competing manufacturers. The Group also sells its products and resells third-party products in most 
of its major markets directly to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses, and education, enterprise and government 
customers through its retail and online stores and its direct sales force. 
Some carriers providing cellular network service for the Group's products offer financing, installment payment plans or 
subsidies for users' purchases of the device. There can be no assurance such offers will be continued at all or in the same 
amounts. 
The Group has invested and will continue to invest in programs to enhance reseller sales, including staffing selected 
resellers' stores with Group employees and contractors, and improving product placement displays. These programs can 
require a substantial investment while not assuring return or incremental sales. The financial condition of these resellers 
could weaken, these resellers could stop distributing the Group's products, or uncertainty regarding demand for some or all of 
the Group's products could cause resellers to reduce their ordering and marketing of the Group's products. 
The Group's business and reputation are impacted by information technology system failures and network 
disruptions. 
The Group and its global supply chain are exposed to information technology system failures or network disruptions caused 
by natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, 
physical or electronic break-ins, ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents, or other events or disruptions. System 
redundancy and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and the Group's or its vendors' business 
continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Such failures or disruptions can adversely 
impact the Group's business by, among other things, preventing access to the Group's online services, interfering with 
customer transactions or impeding the manufacturing and shipping of the Group's products. These events could materially 
adversely affect the Group's business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
Losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information, including personal information, could 
subject the Group to significant reputational, financial, legal and operational consequences. 
The Group's business requires it to use and store confidential information, including personal information, with respect to the 
Group's customers and employees. The Group devotes significant resources to network and data security, including through 
the use of encryption and other security measures intended to protect its systems and data. But these measures cannot 
provide absolute security, and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information occur and could 
materially adversely affect the Group's business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group's business also requires it to share confidential information with suppliers and other third parties. The Group relies 
on global suppliers that are also exposed to ransomware and other malicious attacks that can disrupt business operations. 
Although the Group takes steps to secure confidential information that is provided to or accessible by third parties working on 
the Group's behalf, such measures are not always effective and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential 
information occur. Such incidents and other malicious attacks could materially adversely affect the Group's business, 
reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 9 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The Group experiences malicious attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to its systems on a regular basis. 
These attacks seek to compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of confidential information or disrupt normal 
business operations, and could, among other things, impair the Group's ability to attract and retain customers for its products 
and services, materially damage commercial relationships, and expose the Group to litigation or government investigations, 
which could result in penalties, fines or judgments against the Group. Globally, attacks are expected to continue accelerating 
in both frequency and sophistication with increasing use by actors of tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent 
controls, avoid detection, and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence, all of which hinders the Group's ability to identify, 
investigate and recover from incidents. 
Although malicious attacks perpetrated to gain access to confidential information, including personal information, affect many 
companies across various industries, the Group is at a relatively greater risk of being targeted because of its high profile and 
the value of the confidential information it creates, owns, manages, stores and processes. 
The Group has implemented systems and processes intended to secure its information technology systems and prevent 
unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive data, and mitigate the impact of unauthorized access, including through the use of 
encryption and authentication technologies. As with all companies, these security measures may not be sufficient for all 
eventualities and may be vulnerable to hacking, ransomware attacks, employee error, malfeasance, system error, faulty 
password management or other irregularities. For example, third parties can fraudulently induce the Group's or its vendors' 
employees or customers into disclosing user names, passwords or other sensitive information, which can, in turn, be used for 
unauthorized access to the Group's or its vendors' systems and services. To help protect customers and the Group, the 
Group deploys and makes available technologies like multifactor authentication, monitors its services and systems for 
unusual activity and may freeze accounts under suspicious circumstances, which, among other things, can result in the delay 
or loss of customer orders or impede customer access to the Group's products and services. 
While the Group maintains insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of data security risks, such 
insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. 
Investment in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt the Group's ongoing business, present risks not 
originally contemplated and adversely affect the Group's business, reputation, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Group has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Such endeavors may 
involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater-than-
expected liabilities and expenses, economic, political, legal and regulatory challenges associated with operating in new 
businesses, regions or countries, inadequate return on capital, potential impairment of tangible and intangible assets, and 
significant write-offs. Investment and acquisition transactions are exposed to additional risks, including failing to obtain 
required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all, or the imposition of onerous conditions that could delay or prevent 
the Group from completing a transaction or otherwise limit the Group's ability to fully realize the anticipated benefits of a 
transaction. These new ventures are inherently risky and may not be successful. The failure of any significant investment 
could adversely affect the Group's business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group's retail stores have required and will continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of 
resources and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. 
The Group's retail stores have required substantial investment in equipment and leasehold improvements, information 
systems, inventory and personnel. The Group also has entered into substantial lease commitments for retail space. Certain 
stores have been designed and built to serve as high-profile venues to promote brand awareness. Because of their unique 
design elements, locations and size, these stores require substantially more investment than the Group's more typical retail 
stores. Due to the high cost structure associated with the Group's retail stores, a decline in sales or the closure or poor 
performance of an individual store or multiple stores, including as a result of protective public safety measures in response to 
the COVI D-19 pandemic, could result in significant lease termination costs, write-offs of equipment and leasehold 
improvements and severance costs. 
The Group's retail operations are subject to many factors that pose risks and uncertainties and could adversely impact the 
Group's business, results of operations and financial condition, including macro-economic factors that could have an adverse 
effect on general retail activity. Other factors include the Group's ability to: manage costs associated with retail store 
construction and operation; manage relationships with existing retail partners; manage costs associated with fluctuations in 
the value of retail inventory; and obtain and renew leases in quality retail locations at a reasonable cost. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements 110 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risks 
The Group's business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted by unfavorable 
results of legal proceedings or government investigations. 
The Group is subject to various claims, legal proceedings and government investigations that have arisen in the ordinary 
course of business and have not yet been fully resolved, and new matters may arise in the future. In addition, agreements 
entered into by the Group sometimes include indemnification provisions which can subject the Group to costs and damages 
in the event of a claim against an indemnified third party. The number of claims, legal proceedings and government 
investigations involving the Group, and the alleged magnitude of such claims, proceedings and government investigations, 
has generally increased over time and may continue to increase. 
The Group together with Apple Inc. has faced and continues to face a significant number of patent claims relating to its 
cellular-enabled products, and new claims may arise in the future. For example, technology and other patent-holding 
companies frequently assert their patents and seek royalties and often enter into litigation based on allegations of patent 
infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. The Group together with Apple Inc. is vigorously defending 
infringement actions in courts in several U.S. jurisdictions, as well as internationally in various countries. The plaintiffs in 
these actions frequently seek injunctions and substantial damages. 
Regardless of the merit of particular claims, defending against litigation or responding to government investigations can be 
expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to the Group's operations and distracting to management. In recognition of these 
considerations, the Group may enter into agreements or other arrangements to settle litigation and resolve such challenges. 
There can be no assurance such agreements can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. These 
agreements can also significantly increase the Group's cost of sales and operating expenses and require the Group to 
change its business practices and limit the Group's ability to offer certain products and services. 
Except as described in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" under 
the heading "Contingencies," in the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Group may 
have incurred a material loss, or a material loss greater than a recorded accrual, concerning loss contingencies for asserted 
legal and other claims. 
The outcome of litigation or government investigations is inherently uncertain. If one or more legal matters were resolved 
against the Group or an indemnified third party in a reporting period for amounts above management's expectations, the 
Group's results of operations and financial condition for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. Further, 
such an outcome can result in significant compensatory, punitive or trebled monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue or 
profits, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief against the Group, and can require the Group to change its business 
practices and limit the Group's ability to offer certain products and services, all of which could materially adversely affect the 
Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
While the Group maintains insurance coverage for certain types of claims, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to 
cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. 
The Group is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations worldwide, which exposes the Group to 
potential liabilities, increased costs and other adverse effects on the Group's business. 
The Group's global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations on subjects, including antitrust; 
privacy, data security and data localization; consumer protection; advertising, sales, billing and e-commerce; product liability; 
intellectual property ownership and infringement; digital platforms; Internet, telecommunications, and mobile communications; 
media, television, film and digital content; availability of third-party software applications and services; labor and employment; 
anticorruption; import, export and trade; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; anti-money laundering; 
foreign ownership and investment; tax; and environmental, health and safety, including electronic waste, recycling, and 
climate change. 
Compliance with these laws and regulations is onerous and expensive, increasing the cost of conducting the Group's global 
operations. Changes to laws and regulations can adversely affect the Group's business by increasing the Group's costs, 
limiting the Group's ability to offer a product or service to customers, requiring changes to the Group's supply chain and 
business practices or otherwise making the Group's products and services less attractive to customers. The Group has 
implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be 
no assurance the Group's employees, contractors or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the Group's policies 
and procedures. If the Group is found to have violated laws and regulations, it could materially adversely affect the Group's 
business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. Regulatory changes and other actions that materially 
adversely affect the Group's business may be announced with little or no advance notice and the Group may not be able to 
effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 11 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The technology industry, including, in some instances, the Group, is subject to intense media, political and regulatory 
scrutiny, which exposes the Group to increasing regulation, government investigations, legal actions and penalties. 
From time to time, the Group has made changes to its App Store, including actions taken in response to competition, market 
and legal conditions. The Group may make further business changes in the future. New legislative initiatives, such as the 
proposed EU Digital Markets Act, could, if enacted, require further changes. These changes could include how and to what 
extent the Group charges developers for access to its platforms and manages distribution of apps outside of the App Store. 
The Group is also currently subject to antitrust investigations in various jurisdictions around the world, which can result in 
legal proceedings and claims against the Group that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a materially adverse impact 
on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, the Group is the subject of investigations 
in Europe and other jurisdictions relating to App Store terms and conditions. If such investigations result in adverse findings 
against the Group, the Group could be exposed to significant fines and may be required to make changes to its App Store 
business, all of which could materially adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is also subject to litigation relating to the App Store, which has resulted in changes to the Group's business 
practices, and may in the future result in further changes. 
Further, the Group has commercial relationships with other companies in the technology industry that are or may become 
subject to investigations and litigation that, if resolved against those other companies, could adversely affect the Group's 
commercial relationships with those business partners and materially adversely affect the Group's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. For example, the Group earns revenue from licensing arrangements with other companies 
to offer their search services on the Group's platforms and apps, and certain of these arrangements are currently subject to 
government investigations and legal proceedings. 
There can be no assurance the Group's business will not be materially adversely affected, individually or in the aggregate, by 
the outcomes of such investigations, litigation or changes to laws and regulations in the future. Changes to the Group's 
business practices to comply with new laws and regulations or in connection with other legal proceedings could negatively 
impact the reputation of the Group's products for privacy and security and otherwise adversely affect the experience for users 
of the Group's products and services, and result in harm to the Group's reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor 
market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, and lost sales. 
The Group's business is subject to a variety of laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection. 
The Group is subject to laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of various types of personal 
information. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also restrict transfers of personal 
information among the Group. Several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and additional jurisdictions are considering 
imposing additional restrictions or have laws that are pending. These laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from 
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing requirements causes the Group to incur substantial costs 
and has required and may in the future require the Group to change its business practices. Noncompliance could result in 
significant penalties or legal liability. 
The Group makes statements about its use and disclosure of personal information through its privacy policy, information 
provided on Apple lnc.'s website, press statements and other privacy notices provided to customers. Any failure by the Group 
to comply with these public statements or with international privacy or data protection laws and regulations could result in 
inquiries or proceedings against the Group by governmental entities or others. In addition to reputational impacts, penalties 
could include ongoing audit requirements and significant legal liability. 
In addition to the risks generally relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personal information, the 
Group is also subject to specific obligations relating to information considered sensitive under applicable laws, such as health 
data, financial data and biometric data. Health data is subject to additional privacy, security and breach notification 
requirements, and the Group is subject to audit by governmental authorities regarding the Group's compliance with these 
obligations. If the Group fails to adequately comply with these rules and requirements, or if health data is handled in a 
manner not permitted by law or under the Group's agreements with healthcare institutions, the Group can be subject to 
litigation or government investigations, and can be liable for associated investigatory expenses, and can also incur significant 
fees or fines. 
Financial data, such as payment card data, is also subject to additional requirements. Under payment card rules and 
obligations, if cardholder information is potentially compromised, the Group can be liable for associated investigatory 
expenses and can also incur significant fees or fines if the Group fails to follow payment card industry data security 
standards. The Group could also experience a significant increase in payment card transaction costs or lose the ability to 
process payment cards if it fails to follow payment card industry data security standards, which would materially adversely 
affect the Group's business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements 112 

Financial Risks 
Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
The Group expects its net sales and results of operations to fluctuate. 
The Group's profit margins vary across its products, services, geographic segments and distribution channels. For example, 
the gross margins on the Group's products and services vary significantly and can change over time. The Group's gross 
margins are subject to volatility and downward pressure due to a variety of factors, including: continued industry-wide global 
product pricing pressures and product pricing actions that the Group may take in response to such pressures; increased 
competition; the Group's ability to effectively stimulate demand for certain of its products and services; compressed product 
life cycles; potential increases in the cost of components, outside manufacturing services, and developing, acquiring and 
delivering content for the Group's services; the Group's ability to manage product quality and warranty costs effectively; shifts 
in the mix of products and services, or in the geographic, currency or channel mix, including to the extent that regulatory 
changes require the Group to modify its product and service offerings; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; and the 
introduction of new products or services, including new products or services with higher cost structures. These and other 
factors could have a materially adverse impact on the Group's results of operations and financial condition. 
New product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. Further, the 
Group generates a significant portion of its net sales from a single product and a decline in demand for that product could 
significantly impact net sales. The Group could also be subject to unexpected developments, such as lower-than-anticipated 
demand for the Group's products or services, issues with new product or service introductions, information technology 
system failures or network disruptions, or failure of one of the Group's logistics, components supply, or manufacturing 
partners. 
The Group's financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative 
to local currencies. 
The Group's primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. dollar-denominated 
sales, cost of sales and operating expenses worldwide. Gross margins on the Group's products in foreign countries and on 
products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers could be materially adversely affected by foreign currency 
exchange rate fluctuations. 
The weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of the Group's foreign 
currency-denominated sales and earnings, and generally leads the Group to raise international pricing, potentially reducing 
demand for the Group's products. In some circumstances, for competitive or other reasons, the Group may decide not to 
raise international pricing to offset the U.S. dollar's strengthening, which would adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of the 
gross margins the Group earns on foreign currency-denominated sales. 
Conversely, a strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, while generally beneficial to the Group's foreign 
currency-denominated sales and earnings, could cause the Group to reduce international pricing and incur losses on its 
foreign currency derivative instruments, thereby limiting the benefit. Additionally, strengthening of foreign currencies may 
increase the Group's cost of product components denominated in those currencies, thus adversely affecting gross margins. 
The Group uses derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to 
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not be effective to offset any, or more 
than a portion, of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the 
hedges are in place. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the values of its investment portfolio. 
The Group's investments can be negatively affected by changes in liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, market and 
economic conditions, political risk, sovereign risk, interest rate fluctuations or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity 
of the Group's cash, cash equivalents, and marketable and non-marketable securities may fluctuate substantially. Therefore, 
although the Group has not realized any significant losses on its cash, cash equivalents, and marketable and non-marketable 
securities, future fluctuations in their value could result in significant losses and could have a material adverse impact on the 
Group's results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments 
related to long-term supply agreements, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions 
worsen. 
The Group distributes its products through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and resellers. The 
Group also sells its products directly to small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government 
customers. A substantial majority of the Group's outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral, third-party bank 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements 113 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
support or financing arrangements, or credit insurance, and a significant portion of the Group's trade receivables can be 
concentrated within cellular network carriers or other resellers. The Group's exposure to credit and collectibility risk on its 
trade receivables is higher in certain international markets and its ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. The Group also 
has unsecured vendor non-trade receivables resulting from purchases of components by outsourcing partners and other 
vendors that manufacture subassemblies or assemble final products for the Group. In addition, the Group has made 
prepayments associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of inventory components. As of September 25, 
2021, the Group's vendor non-trade receivables and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements were concentrated 
among a few individual vendors located primarily in Asia. While the Group has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to 
credit risk on its trade and vendor non-trade receivables, as well as long-term prepayments, there can be no assurance such 
procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses. 
The Group is subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new local or international tax legislation and exposure 
to additional tax liabilities. 
The Group is subject to taxes in numerous foreign jurisdictions, including Ireland, where a number of the Group's subsidiaries 
are organized. Due to economic and political conditions, tax laws and tax rates for income taxes and other non-income taxes 
in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. The Group's effective tax rates are affected by changes in the 
mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, 
the introduction of new taxes, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation, including in Ireland. 
The Group is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by tax authorities and governmental 
bodies. The Group regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine 
the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. If the Group's 
effective tax rates were to increase, particularly in Ireland, or if the ultimate determination of the Group's taxes owed is for an 
amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition could be 
materially adversely affected. 
The Group manages all its risk and uncertainties together with its ultimate parent Apple Inc .. 
Refer to Note 7, "Financial Risk Management and Financial Instruments" of the consolidated financial statements for details 
of the Group's financial risk management policies. 
Dividends 
Dividends of $24.8 billion (2020: $81.5 billion) were paid by the Group with $25.3 billion (2020: $81.8 billion) paid by the 
Company to its ultimate parent Apple Inc. during the year. The dividends were fully subject to U.S. tax. 
Books and Accounting Records 
The directors believe that they have complied with the requirements of Section 281 to 285 of the Companies Act 2014 with 
regard to accounting records by appointing accounting personnel with appropriate expertise and by providing adequate 
resources to the finance function. These books and accounting records are maintained at the Company's registered office, 
Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill, Co. Cork, Ireland. 
Directors, Secretary and Their Interests 
The directors of the Company who served during the year were, Michael Joseph Boyd Jnr., Peter Denwood and Jeffrey 
Myers. Jeffrey Myers resigned as director of the Company on 11 August 2021. Damon Nakamura served as an alternate 
director for Michael Joseph Boyd Jnr during the year and resigned on 7 December 2020. Julia Macrae served as alternate 
director for Jeffrey Myers effective 3 December 2020 until 10 August 2021. Effective 12 August 2021 Eamonn Clancy was 
appointed alternate director for Michael Joseph Boyd Jnr. and Shane Collins was appointed alternate director for Peter 
Denwood. The secretary of the Company during the year was Peter Denwood. Effective 13 August 2021 Shane Collins was 
appointed as company secretary jointly with Peter Denwood. 
The directors and secretaries who held office as at 25 September 2021 had no interests in shares in or debentures of the 
Company or any related undertaking of the Company at the end of the financial year, or at the beginning of the financial year 
(or date of appointment, if later) requiring disclosure in the Directors' Report under Section 329 of the Companies Act 2014. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements 114 

Directors' Compliance Statement 
Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
As required by Section 225 of the Companies Act 2014, the directors acknowledge that they are responsible for securing the 
Company's compliance with its relevant obligations (as defined in that legislation). The directors further confirm that a 
compliance policy statement has been drawn up, and that appropriate arrangements and structures have been put in place 
that are, in the directors opinion, designed to secure material compliance with the relevant obligations. A review of these 
arrangements and structures has been conducted during the financial year to which the report relates. 
Research and Development 
The Group carries out research and development activities. 
Relevant Audit Information 
The directors believe that they have taken all steps that they ought to have taken as directors to make themselves aware of 
any relevant audit information, as defined under Section 330 of the Companies Act 2014, and to establish that the Group's 
statutory auditors are aware of that information. In so far as they are aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the 
Group's statutory auditors are unaware. 
Audit Committee 
The directors of the Company decided not to establish an audit committee. The directors consider that the responsibilities 
and functions of the audit committee under the requirements of the Companies Act 2014 are directly or indirectly performed 
by the Apple Inc. Audit and Finance Committee. 
Independent Auditor 
Ernst & Young, Chartered Accountants, will continue in office in accordance with Section 383(2) of the Companies Act 2014. 
On behalf of the board 
Peter Denwood 
Director 
Date: 28January 2022 
Michael Joseph Boyd Jnr. 
Director 
Date: 
January 2022 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements 115 

Directors' Compliance Statement 
Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
As required by Section 225 of the Companies Act 2014, the directors acknowledge that they are responsible for securing the 
Company's compliance with its relevant obligations (as defined in that legislation). The directors further confirm that a 
compliance policy statement has been drawn up, and that appropriate arrangements and structures have been put in place 
that are, in the directors opinion, designed to secure material compliance with the relevant obligations. A review of these 
arrangements and structures has been conducted during the financial year to which the report relates. 
Research and Development 
The Group carries out research and development activities. 
Relevant Audit Information 
The directors believe that they have taken all steps that they ought to have taken as directors to make themselves aware of 
any relevant audit information, as defined under Section 330 of the Companies Act 2014, and to establish that the Group's 
statutory auditors are aware of that information. In so far as they are aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the 
Group's statutory auditors are unaware. 
Audit Committee 
The directors of the Company decided not to establish an audit committee. The directors consider that the responsibilities 
and functions of the audit committee under the requirements of the Companies Act 2014 are directly or indirectly performed 
by the Apple Inc. Audit and Finance Committee. 
Independent Auditor 
Ernst & Young, Chartered Accountants, will continue in office in accordance with Section 383(2) of the Companies Act 2014. 
On behalf of the board 
Peter Denwood 
Director 
Date: 
January 2022 
Date: 28 January 2022 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements 115 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES STATEMENT 
The directors are responsible for preparing the directors' report and financial statements of the Company and the Group in 
accordance with applicable law and regulations. 
Irish company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year which give a true and fair view 
of the state of affairs of the Company and of the Group and of the profit or loss of the Group for that period. The directors 
have prepared the consolidated financial statements of the Group in accordance with IFRS and those parts of the Companies 
Act 2014 applicable to companies reporting under IFRS. The directors have elected to prepare the Company financial 
statements in accordance with FRS 102 and the Companies Act 2014. 
Under Irish company law, the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a 
true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, and financial position of the Company and of the Group as of the end of the 
financial year, and the profit or loss of the Group taken as a whole for the financial year, and otherwise comply with the 
Companies Act 2014. 
In preparing these Group and Company financial statements, the directors are required to: 
• 
Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; 
• 
Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; 
• 
State whether the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting 
standards, identify those standards, and note the effect and reasons for any material departure from those 
standards; and 
• 
Prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the 
Company and the Group will continue in business. 
The directors are responsible for ensuring that the Company keeps adequate accounting records which correctly explain and 
record the transactions of the Company, enabling at any time the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the 
Company to be determined with reasonable accuracy, and ensuring that the Group and the Company financial statements 
and directors' report comply with the Companies Act 2014 and enable them to be audited. They are also responsible for 
taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Group and the Company and to prevent and 
detect fraud and other irregularities. 
On behalf of the board 
Peter Denwood 
Director 
Date:28January 2022 
Michael Joseph Boyd Jnr. 
Director 
Date: 
January 2022 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements 116 

Apple Operations International Limited 
DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES STATEMENT 
The directors are responsible for preparing the directors' report and financial statements of the Company and the Group in 
accordance with applicable law and regulations. 
Irish company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year which give a true and fair view 
of the state of affairs of the Company and of the Group and of the profit or loss of the Group for that period. The directors 
have prepared the consolidated financial statements of the Group in accordance with IFRS and those parts of the Companies 
Act 2014 applicable to companies reporting under IFRS. The directors have elected to prepare the Company financial 
statements in accordance with FRS 102 and the Companies Act 2014. 
Under Irish company law, the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a 
true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, and financial position of the Company and of the Group as of the end of the 
financial year, and the profit or loss of the Group taken as a whole for the financial year, and otherwise comply with the 
Companies Act 2014. 
In preparing these Group and Company financial statements, the directors are required to: 
• 
Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; 
• 
Make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; 
• 
State whether the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting 
standards, identify those standards, and note the effect and reasons for any material departure from those 
standards; and 
• 
Prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the 
Company and the Group will continue in business. 
The directors are responsible for ensuring that the Company keeps adequate accounting records which correctly explain and 
record the transactions of the Company, enabling at any time the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the 
Company to be determined with reasonable accuracy, and ensuring that the Group and the Company financial statements 
and directors' report comply with the Companies Act 2014 and enable them to be audited. They are also responsible for 
taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Group and the Company and to prevent and 
detect fraud and other irregularities. 
On behalf of the board 
Peter Denwood 
Director 
Date: 
January 2022 
Date: 28 January 2022 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements 116 

EY 
Building i3 better 
working wcr!d 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF APPLE OPERATIONS 
INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
Report on the audit of the financial statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of Apple Operations International Limited ('the Company') and 
its subsidiaries ('the Group') for the year ended 25 September 2021, which comprise the Consolidated 
Statements of Operations, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Balance 
Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, 
Company Statements of Financial Position, Company Statements of Changes in Equity and notes to the 
financial statements, including the summary of significant accounting policies set out in note 1. The 
financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is Irish Law and as regards the 
consolidated financial statements, International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS') as adopted by the 
European Union and, as regards the Company financial statements, Accounting Standards including 
FRS 102 The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland issued in the 
United Kingdom by the Financial Reporting Council. 
In our opinion: 
• 
the Group financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position 
of the Group as at 25 September 2021 and of its profit for the year then ended; 
• 
the Company financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial 
position of the Company as at 25 September 2021; 
• 
the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by 
the European Union; 
• 
the Company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with FRS 102 The 
Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland; and 
• 
the Group financial statements and Company financial statements have been properly prepared in 
accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2014. 
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) (ISAs (Ireland)) 
and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the 
Group and Company in accordance with ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of financial 
statements in Ireland, including the Ethical Standard issued by the Irish Auditing and Accounting 
Supervisory Authority (IAASA), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion. 
Conclusions relating to going concern 
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors' use of the going concern basis 
of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate. 
17 

EY 
Building i3 better 
working wcr!d 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF APPLE OPERATIONS 
INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (Continued) 
Conclusions relating to going concern (continued) 
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events 
or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Group's or the Company's 
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from the date when the financial 
statements are authorised for issue. 
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in 
the relevant sections of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, 
this statement is not a guarantee as to the Group's or the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
Other information 
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the directors' report and directors' responsibilities statement. Our opinion on the financial 
statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our 
report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information 
is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material 
misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a material misstatement in the financial 
statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, 
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that 
fact. 
We have nothing to report in this regard. 
Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2014 
In our opinion, based solely on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, we report that: 
• 
the information given in the directors' report is consistent with the financial statements; and 
• 
the directors' report has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements. 
We have obtained all the information and explanations which, to the best of our knowledge and belief, are 
necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
In our opinion the accounting records of the Company were sufficient to permit the financial statements to 
be readily and properly audited and the Company statement of financial position is in agreement with the 
accounting records. 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
Based on the knowledge and understanding of the Company and its environment obtained in the course 
of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the directors' report. 
The Companies Act 2014 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion, the disclosures of directors' 
remuneration and transactions required by sections 305 to 312 of the Act are not made. We have nothing 
to report in this regard. 
18 

EY 
Building i3 better 
working wcr!d 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF APPLE OPERATIONS 
INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (Continued) 
Respective responsibilities 
Responsibilities of directors for the financial statements 
As explained more fully in the directors' responsibilities statement set out on page 16, the directors are 
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable financial 
reporting framework that give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as they determine is 
necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group and the 
Company's ability to continue as going concerns, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate 
the Group or the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with ISAs (Ireland) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these financial statements. 
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the 
This description forms part of our auditor's report. 
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities 
Our report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with section 391 of the 
Companies Act 2014. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's 
members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the 
Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions 
we have formed. 
George Deegan 
for and on behalf of 
Ernst & Young Chartered Accountants and Statutory Audit Firm 
Dublin 
31 January 2022 
19 

Apple Operations International Limited 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
Years ended 
25 September 
26 September 
Note 
2021 
2020 
Net sales 
Cost of sales 
Gross margin 
Operating expenses: 
Research and development 
Selling, general and administrative 
Total operating expenses 
Operating income 
Other income/(expense),net 
Income before provision for income taxes 
Provision for income taxes 
Net income 
3 
6 
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
$'m 
$'m 
------
211,058 
148,168 
(121,542) 
(90,227) 
__ 
....;... __ 
.;.. 
89,516 
57,941 
(12,497) 
(15,489) 
(9,795) 
(9,133) 
(22,292) 
(24,622) 
67,224 
33,319 
518 
489 
67,742 
33,808 
(11,575) 
(6,149) 
56,167 
27,659 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 20 

Apple Operations International Limited 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
Years ended 
25 September 
26 September 
Net income 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) which will be reclassified to the Statements of 
Operations in subsequent periods: 
Change in foreign currency translation, net of tax 
Change in unrealised gains/losses on derivative instruments, net of tax: 
Change in unrealised gains/losses on marketable securities, net of tax: 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) which will not be reclassified to the Statements of 
Operations in subsequent periods: 
Change in fair value of retirement benefit obligations, net of tax: 
Total other comprehensive income/(loss) 
Total comprehensive income 
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
2021 
2020 
$'m 
$'m 
------
56,167 
27,659 
327 
602 
(37) 
(22) 
870 
57,037 
42 
(765) 
115 
------
(608) 
27,051 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 21 

Apple Operations International Limited 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
Current assets: 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Marketable securities 
Accounts receivable, net 
Inventories 
Other current assets 
Total current assets 
Non-current assets: 
Marketable securities 
Property, plant and equipment, net 
Deferred tax asset 
Other non-current assets 
Total non-current assets 
Total assets 
Current liabilities: 
Accounts payable 
Other current liabilities 
Deferred revenue 
Total current liabilities 
Non-current liabilities: 
Other non-current liabilities 
Total non-current liabilities 
Total liabilities 
Shareholders' equity: 
Called up share capital presented as equity 
Retained earnings 
Other reserves 
Total shareholders' equity 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
As of 25 
September 
2021 
$'m 
Note 
7 
16,829 
7 
6,404 
4/7 
31,563 
4,709 
4 
33,285 
92,790 
7 
12,459 
8 
14,948 
6 
7,762 
4 
12,608 
47,777 
140,567 
4/7 
43,030 
19,452 
3,309 
65,791 
16,002 
16,002 
81,793 
10 
58,039 
735 
58,774 
140,567 
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
On behalf of the board 
Peter Denwood 
Director 
Date:28 January 2022 
Michael Joseph Boyd Jnr. 
Director 
Date: 
January 2022 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 22 
As of 26 
September 
2020 
$'m 
8,613 
4,267 
20,166 
2,536 
6,159 
41,741 
14,352 
13,853 
10,931 
5,547 
44,683 
86,424 
30,067 
16,288 
2,642 
48,997 
11,064 
11,064 
60,061 
26,625 
(262) 
26,363 
86,424 

Current assets: 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Marketable securities 
Accounts receivable, net 
Inventories 
Other current assets 
Total current assets 
Non-current assets: 
Marketable securities 
Property, plant and equipment, net 
Deferred tax asset 
Other non-current assets 
Total non-current assets 
Total assets 
Current liabilities: 
Accounts payable 
Other current liabilities 
Deferred revenue 
Total current liabilities 
Non-current liabilities: 
Other non-current liabilities 
Total non-current liabilities 
Total liabilities 
Shareholders' equity: 
Apple Operations International Limited 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
Called up share capital presented as equity 
Retained earnings 
Other reserves 
Total shareholders' equity 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
Note 
7 
7 
4/7 
4 
7 
8 
6 
4 
4/7 
10 
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
On behalf of the board 
Peter Denwood 
Director 
As of 25 
September 
2021 
$'m 
16,829 
6,404 
31,563 
4,709 
33,285 
92,790 
12,459 
14,948 
7,762 
12,608 
47,777 
140,567 
43,030 
19,452 
3,309 
65,791 
16,002 
16,002 
81,793 
58,039 
735 
58,774 
140,567 
Date: 
January 2022 
Date: 28January 2022 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 22 
As of 26 
September 
2020 
$'m 
8,613 
4,267 
20,166 
2,536 
6,159 
41,741 
14,352 
13,853 
10,931 
5,547 
44,683 
86,424 
30,067 
16,288 
2,642 
48,997 
11,064 
11,064 
60,061 
26,625 
(262) 
26,363 
86,424 

Apple Operations International Limited 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
Balances as of 28 September 2019 
Net income 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
Dividends* 
Tax benefit from equity awards 
Capital contribution 
Balances as of 26 September 2020 
Net income 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
Dividends* 
Tax benefit from equity awards 
Balances as of 25 September 2021 
Called up 
share capital 
presented as 
equity 
$'m 
* Dividend per share for 2021 was $2,475,291 (2020: $8,149,256) 
Retained 
earnings 
$'m 
------
80,459 
27,659 
(81,493) 
26,625 
56,167 
(24,753) 
58,039 
Other 
reserves 
$'m 
-----
155 
(608) 
124 
67 
(262) 
870 
127 
735 
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 23 
Total 
shareholders' 
equity 
$'m 
80,614 
27,659 
(608) 
(81,493) 
124 
67 
26,363 
56,167 
870 
(24,753) 
127 
58,774 

Apple Operations International Limited 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
Years ended 
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balances 
Operating activities: 
Net income 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash generated by operating activities: 
Depreciation and amortisation 
Deferred income tax expense 
Other 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
Accounts receivable, net 
Other current and non-current assets 
Accounts payable 
Deferred revenue 
Other current and non-current liabilities 
Cash generated by operating activities 
Investing activities: 
Purchases of marketable securities 
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities 
Payments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
Other 
Cash generated by investing activities 
Financing activities: 
Payments for dividends 
Payments for lease liabilities 
Cash used in financing activities 
lncrease/(Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents, ending balances 
Supplemental cash flow disclosure: 
Cash paid for income taxes, net 
25 September 
2021 
$'m 
8,613 
56,167 
6,577 
2,980 
(440) 
(11,343) 
(38,823) 
12,864 
1,093 
8,661 
37,736 
(11,425) 
4,026 
7,830 
(5,278) 
677 
(4,170) 
(24,753) 
(597) 
(25,350) 
8,216 
16,829 
4,444 
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 24 
26 September 
2020 
$'m 
17,530 
27,659 
6,888 
3,556 
(131) 
5,331 
2,683 
2,057 
923 
(444) 
48,522 
(11,810) 
10,455 
11,839 
(3,032) 
(1,856) 
5,596 
(62,470) 
(565) 
(63,035) 
(8,917) 
8,613 
2,385 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Statement of Compliance 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and those parts of the 
Companies Act 2014 applicable to companies reporting under IFRS. 
Basis of Presentation and Preparation 
The consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars ("$") which is the Company's functional and 
presentational currency. The consolidated financial statements, which are rounded to the nearest million (unless otherwise 
stated) have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except where assets and liabilities are stated at fair value in 
accordance with relevant accounting policies. 
The consolidated financial statements are comprised of Apple Operations International Limited and its subsidiaries. 
Subsidiaries are included in the Group financial statements from the date on which control over the operating and financing 
policies is obtained, and cease to be consolidated from the date on which control is transferred out of the Group. The Group 
controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has the rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the 
ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. All intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains/ 
losses on transactions between Group subsidiaries are eliminated on consolidation. 
The Group's financial year is the 52 or 53 week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. The Group's fiscal years 
2021 and 2020 spanned 52 weeks. 
Refer to Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in the Company's financial statements for details relating to the 
basis of preparation for the Company. 
All of the entities incorporated in Ireland, as set out in Note 2, have availed of the exemption under the respective Irish 
company law requirements of Section 357 of the Companies Act 2014 from the requirement to annex their statutory financial 
statements to their annual return. All of the entities incorporated in Germany (except Shazam Media Services GmbH), as set 
out in Note 2, have availed of the exemptions regarding (i) the preparation, audit and disclosure of individual financial 
statements pursuant to Section 264 (3) German Commercial Code (for entities in the legal form of a GmbH) or Section 264b 
German Commercial Code (for entities in the legal form of a KG where not at least one general partner qualifies as natural 
person) and (ii) if and to the extent required, the preparation, audit and disclosure of consolidated accounts pursuant to 
Section 291 German Commercial Code. 
Judgements and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty 
The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with IFRS require the Group's management to 
make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Management bases its estimates on historical 
experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form 
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. The significant estimates and assumptions 
used in the preparation of the Group's financial statements that could result in a material adjustment are outlined in the 
relevant notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimated. 
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
In 2021, the Group adopted the amendment to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, Disclosure of Accounting 
Policies. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 25 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Revenue Recognition 
Net sales consist of revenue from the sale of iPhone, Mac, iPad, services and other products. The Group recognises revenue 
at the amount to which it expects to be entitled when control of the products or services is transferred to its customers. For 
most of the Group's products net sales, control transfers when products are shipped. For the Group's services net sales, 
control transfers over time as services are delivered. Payment for products and services net sales is collected within a short 
period of time following transfer of control or commencement of delivery of services, as applicable. 
The Group records reductions to products net sales related to future product returns, price protection and other customer 
incentive programs based on the Group's expectations and historical experience. 
For arrangements with multiple performance obligations, which represent promises within an arrangement that are capable of 
being distinct, the Group allocates revenue to all distinct performance obligations based on their relative stand-alone selling 
prices ("SSP"). When available, the Group uses observable prices to determine the SSP. When observable prices are not 
available, SSPs are established that reflect the Group's best estimates of what the selling prices of the performance 
obligations would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. The Group's process for estimating SSPs without 
observable prices considers multiple factors that may vary depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to 
each performance obligation including, where applicable, prices charged by the Group for similar offerings, market trends in 
the pricing for similar offerings, product-specific business objectives and the estimated cost to provide the performance 
obligation. 
The Group has identified up to three performance obligations regularly included in arrangements involving the sale of iPhone, 
Mac, iPad and certain other products. The first performance obligation, which represents the substantial portion of the 
allocated sales price, is the hardware and bundled software delivered at the time of sale. The second performance obligation 
is the right to receive certain product-related bundled services, which include iCloud, Siri and Maps. The third performance 
obligation is the right to receive, on a when-and-if-available basis, future unspecified software upgrades relating to the 
software bundled with each device. Because the Group lacks observable prices for the undelivered performance obligations, 
the allocation of revenue is based on the Group's estimated SSPs. Revenue allocated to the delivered hardware and bundled 
software is recognised when control has transferred to the customer, which generally occurs when the product is shipped. 
Revenue allocated to the product-related bundled services and unspecified software upgrade rights is deferred and 
recognised on a straight-line basis over the estimated period they are expected to be provided. Costs incurred to provide 
product-related bundled services and unspecified software upgrade rights are recognised as cost of sales as incurred. 
For the sale of third-party products where the Group obtains control of the product before transferring it to the customer, the 
Group recognises revenue based on the gross amount billed to customers. The Group considers multiple factors when 
determining whether it obtains control of third-party products including, but not limited to, evaluating if it has the ability to 
establish the price of the product, retains inventory risk for tangible products or has the responsibility for ensuring 
acceptability of the product. For third-party applications sold through the App Store and certain digital content sold through 
the Group's other digital content stores, the Group does not obtain control of the product before transferring it to the 
customer. Therefore, the Group accounts for such sales on a net basis by recognising in services net sales only the 
commission it retains. 
The Group records revenue net of taxes collected from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities, with the 
collected taxes recorded within other current liabilities until remitted to the relevant government authority. 
Share-Based Compensation 
The Group generally measures share-based compensation based on the closing price of Apple lnc.'s common stock on the 
date of grant, and recognises expense on a straight-line basis for its estimate of equity awards that will ultimately vest. 
Further information regarding share-based compensation can be found in Note 5, "Share-Based Compensation". 
Income Taxes 
Uncertain tax positions are measured based on the single best estimate. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 26 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Financial Instruments 
All highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. 
The Group accounts for its marketable debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income and its equity 
securities at fair value through profit and loss. 
All derivative instruments are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The accounting treatment for 
derivative gains and losses is based on intended use and hedge designation. 
For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that are designated as cash 
flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of other 
comprehensive income ("OCI") in the Consolidated Statements of Shareholder's Equity and reclassified into the Consolidated 
Statements of Operations in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective 
portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument, if any, is recognised in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in 
the current period. To receive hedge accounting treatment, cash flow hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to 
expected future cash flows on hedged transactions. For options designated as cash flow hedges, changes in the time value 
are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates used for translation of the 
net investment in a foreign operation and that are designated as a net investment hedge, the net gain or loss on the effective 
portion of the derivative instrument is reported in the same manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment. For forward 
exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges, the Group excludes changes in fair value relating to changes in 
the forward carry component from its definition of effectiveness. Accordingly, any gains or losses related to this forward carry 
component are recognised in earnings in the current period. Derivatives that do not qualify as hedges are adjusted to fair 
value through earnings in the current period. 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is recognised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the 
assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 40 years or the remaining life of the underlying building; between one and five 
years for machinery and equipment, including product tooling and manufacturing process equipment; and the shorter of lease 
term or useful life for leasehold improvements. Capitalised costs related to internal-use software are amortised on a straight-
line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from five to seven years. 
Leases 
Right-of-use (''ROU") assets are initially measured at cost and subsequently measured applying the cost model. Depreciation 
is charged to the Consolidated Statements of Operations on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
Inventories 
Inventories are measured using the first-in, first-out method. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 27 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 2 - Other Statutory Information 
Auditors' Remuneration 
The following table shows the fees* paid to the independent auditor in 2021 and 2020: 
Years ended 
Audit of Financial Statements 
Other Assurance Seivices 
Tax Advisory Seivices 
*This excludes auditors' remuneration borne by Apple Inc. on behalf of the Group. 
Staff Numbers and Costs 
The following table shows the payroll costs incurred in 2021 and 2020: 
25 September 
2021 
$'000 
416 
316 
759 
1,491 
26 September 
2020 
$'000 
846 
144 
440 
1,430 
Years ended 
Wages and Salaries 
Social Welfare costs 
Share based payments (Note 5, "Share-Based Compensation") 
Pension costs 
The average number of persons employed by the Group in 2021 was 52,563 (2020: 51,255). 
25 September 
2021 
$'m 
3,884 
510 
1,185 
240 
5,819 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 28 
26 September 
2020 
$'m 
3,308 
418 
941 
175 
4,842 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Group Undertakings 
The following table shows the Group's undertakings as of 25 September 2021: 
• Name.of company ···································••·i=iegistereci·oitice ....................................................................................... 
• Nature of business 
........................... 
•Akane LLC 
····································IcorporaiionTrust Center, 
•• 1209 Orange Street, 
····························•·Ho1c:iing.coriipany·· 
•·;;.ppie.Asia.Limiieei 
•• Wilmington DE 19801, 
•• United States 
Suiies 2401 ~2412, Tower One, 
•• Times Square, Causeway Bay, 
•• Hong Kong 
Corporaiion Trust Center, 
•• 1209 Orange Street, 
•• Wilmington DE 19801, 
•• United States 
........................ 
>Building 6, 88 Maji Road (District C), 
•• China (Shanghai), 
. ...................................................................................... . 
• Apple Computer Trading (Shanghai) 
• Co., Ltd.* 
•• Pilot Free Trade Zone, 
••China 
··············••i·;;.;;ci· Mo.kio siree164:············ 
•• 569086, 
••Singapore 
• Sales, distribution and related services 
~--··················· 
··············•• uniis·2,·4,·s,·6 on.Level 20:····· 
•••••••••••••••••••❖•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• Apple Electronics Products 
• Commerce (Beijing) Company 
•Limited* 
Office Tower E1, The Towers, 
•• Oriental Plaza, No. 1 East Chang An 
••Avenue, 
•• Dong Cheng District, Beijing, 100738, 
••china 
• Retail company 
.......................................................... ··················t1 giti·i=1oor:·concoreie·f ower c:··· 
............................................. 
• Apple India Private Limited * 
•·;;.ppie.korea·Limi1eei 
•· UB City No. 24, Vittal Mallya Road, 
•• Bengaluru, Karnataka 560001, 
••India 
··································•• Fioppongi.Hiiis,········ 
6-10-1 Roppongi, 
•• Minato-ku, 
Tokyo 106-6140, 
••Japan 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 3901· (ASEM.T owei- Samseong-dong), 
•• 517 Yeongdong-daero, 
•• Gangnam-gu 
••Seoul, 
•• Republic of Korea 
lsusiness Centres World FZE 
•• N. 125, JAFZA View 18 & 19, 
•• 1
st Floor, 
P.O. Box 262746 
•• Jebel Ali Free Zone, 
•• Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
B&M ConsultancySe~ices·Sdn. Bhd., 
•• Level 21, Suite 21.01, 
•• The Gardens South Tower, 
•• Mid Valley City, Lingkaran Syed Putra, 
•• 59200 Kuala Lumpur, 
• Sales, distribution, manufacturing and 
• related services 
···•·sa1es,·eiisiribu1ion ariei. re1aieei.seivices··· 
fy1§1§y!3i§ 
.. 
•· Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill, 
••Cork, 
........ {l.rEl.lr;1ri<:J .. 
••••••••••••••••••••• ••• Procu/e;;:;enl:saies and manufacturing 
• support services 
.................................................................... 
• Apple Operations Europe Limited 
•· Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill, 
••Cork, 
•• Ireland 
tAppie dm5R 
Kaiharlna:van:sora:strasse 3: 
• 
•• 80333, 
• 
•• Munich 
•... ·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.•···Qfrrn?6Y .... ··· 
. ................................... . 
• Procurement, manufacturing and 
• distribution 
Tsaies support, marketing and related 
• services 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 29 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Name citi::cinii>ariy 
(Appie.Piylimiied·· 
···································~····································· ....................................................................................... 
f ,;pp;e·ae1a;;· e;;;;;,;;·umiied •• 
... Appie saies • i riiernai1onai • i:.irii1ieei • • 
... Appie saies • i reiand • Limlieei • • 
>Appie Trading (Shanghai) Company 
•• Limited* 
l,0;;1e·0ene1u,·s:v:···· 
l,p;;;e Distab,boa latemaboaal 
•• Limited 
• Registered office 
• Nature of business 
••❖•••••••••••••••••••••••• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• Levels 2-8, 
• Sales, distribution and related services 
• 20 Martin Place, 
• Sydney NSW 2000, 
•Australia 
Hoiiyiiill industrial Estate, Hollyhill, 
.Cork, 
• Ireland 
Hoiiyiiill industrial Estate, Hollyhill, 
.Cork, 
• Ireland 
••❖•••••••••••••••••• 
• Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill, 
•Cork, 
• Ireland 
••❖••••••••••••••• 
• Level 15, 16 (actual Level 13, 14), 
• 1249 Century Avenue 
• China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade 
Zone, 
•China 
Teidsepiein.29, 
• Third Floor, 
• 1017 PS, 
• Amsterdam, 
• Netherlands 
TH~iiyhillindustrial Estate, Hollyhill, 
•Cork, 
• Ireland 
......................................................................................... 
• Holding company and retail business 
.......................................................... 
• Sales support, marketing, related services 
• and holding company 
............................................... 
• Retail company 
Tsai~s support, marketing and related 
• services 
················•Leidsep1ein29,····· 
• Third Floor, 
• 1017 PS, Amsterdam, 
• Netherlands 
c/o TMF Group, 8th Floor, 20 
Reiail company 
f ,;pp;e·ae1a;;· ccaace eu•1;c•· ················:~~~~f ~:c:,:::d:.ec•A.•AB··:·aeiaii oompaay··· 
• 75009, Paris, 
l,pp;e·ae1a;;·spa;;:;;·s.cu:·· 
.•. .F. r.a.rl.C.El ... 
• Corso Vercelli 40, 
20145, 
•Milan, 
•Italy 
·• Ttiurn:u;;ei:T axis 
•Platz 6, 
60313 Frankfurt 
• Am Main, Germany 
············•·ca:iie·rrfricipe·deverciara·112:············ 
l,pp;e·ae;a;;·s;;;;,ec,aaa·GmbH 
•4a planta, 
• 28002, Madrid, 
··············~Pi:li~ ............................................................. . 
• c!o TMF Services SA, Zurich Branch, 
f ,pp;e ae1a;;0e;g;;;m av 
l,pp;e·ae;a;;·Nelhec;aaas·sv 
• Talstrasse 83, 8001, 
Zurich 
...............•. $\f\/it:z:ElrlcJ.ric:J .. 
• Havenlaan 86C, 
• Box 204 Avenue du Port, 
• B-1000 Brussels, 
•Belgium 
............................................ 
• Luna ArenA 
• Herikerbergweg 238, 
1101 CM, 
• Amsterdam, 
• Netherlands 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 30 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
••·Naiiieoi i::cinii>ariy················ 
iAppi~.i=i~1a1i·s~~d~n As··· 
1Liffiii9d Uab;1;1y Company Apple 
,:Rus * 
I ... i. ;;;;;;;; Liffiiied 
irf Appi~ iriei~ri~sia··· 
l,ppie T9Chnirai SOCV;ces (Shangha;J 
•• Company Limited * 
I 
sea is ifoiding oneLLc ' 
I 
0ea1s·e;;;a;;;n;cs·;niemat;onal 
•• Unlimited Company* 
Beats Electronics Hong Kong Limited 
·.* 
l,pp;e·oaia·se;;;;ces·;;e,aaa·umiiea·· 
•• Apple.Aps·· 
•• App1e·rviacau·uniiiac:ia·;··· 
I 
;;;pp;e Teknoloj; ve Sat,s um;ted 
Sirketi 
ls,u se,e;;;;s 
Registered office 
c/o TMF 
Sweden AB, 
Sergels Torg 12, 
11157, Stockholm, 
Sweden 
bid. 2, 4 Romanov Lane, 
6th floor, premises II, room 54, 
125009, 
Moscow, 
Russian Federation 
12 Maski! Street, 
POB 12147, 
Herzliya Pituach, 4673312, Israel 
Gd. World Trade Center 2, Lt. 19, 
JI. Jend. Sudirman 
Kav. 29-31, KeL Karel, 
Kee. Setiabudi, 
Jakarta, Selatan, 12920, 
Indonesia 
Unit 1702 (nominal level, actual level 
Unit 1502), No. 1249 Century Avenue, 
China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade 
Zone, 
China 
Corporation Trust Center, 
1209 Orange Street, 
Wilmington DE 19801, 
United States 
Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill, 
Cork, 
Ireland 
14/F, One Taikoo Place, 
979 King's Road, 
Quarry Bay, 
Hong Kong SAR 
Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill, 
Cork, 
Ireland 
Silkegade 8, 1st Floor, DK-1113, 
Copenhagen, 
Denmark 
Avenida da Praia Grande, No. 759, 5th 
Floor, 
Macau, 
China 
Buyukdere Caddesi, No:199, 
Leven! 199, Kat: 22 ve 23, 
Si§li, Mecidiyekoy, istanbul, 34394, 
Turkey 
c/o TMF Sweden AB, Sergels Torg 12, 
11157, Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Nature of business 
Retail company 
Sales, distribution and related services 
Sales support, marketing, related services, 
research and development 
Sales, distribution and related services 
Technical services and other support 
services 
Holding company 
Inactive 
Inactive 
Holding company 
Operation of data centre 
Retail company 
Sales, distribution and related services 
Holding company 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 31 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
c/o Simpson Grierson, Level 27, 
• 88 Shortland Street, 
................................................................................................ 
• Sales, distribution and related services 
• Auckland Central, Auckland, 1010, 
• New Zealand 
/i\ppie saies.New·zeaiand 
IApp;e eumpeum;;;;;; ·································100· New.Bridge.street, 
Saies support, marketing and related 
• services 
• London, EC4V 6JA, 
• United Kingdom 
Apple\heinam Limited Liability 
••Company 
·············•·0;;i1·go1,·oeuisciies·Haus·Ho·ciii.Minii··• Sales, distribution and related services 
>Appie Technology Services 
•• (Guizhou) Ltd* 
l,pp;e iUK\·;::;;;;11;;;;·· 
iAppie Lii11uari1a:·uJi.s·· 
·•Apple· sa1es &: • tviari<eiing ·Nigeria· Lid 
I 
;;;pp;e sa;e;·aomaa;a·s:e:c·· 
IAPPi9 T9Ch00i0Qy Sen,;ce, 
•• (Ulanqab) Ltd.* 
Lp;e technology Sen,;ce, B.V. & 
••Co. KG 
• City, No.33, Le Duan Blv., 
• 
• Ben Nghe Ward, District 1, Ho Chi Minh • 
• City, Vietnam 
• 
Room 1: Levei 2:siock 1310, Compiex 
Technical services and other support 
• B, Gui'an Cloud Valley, 
• services 
• Qianzhong Avenue, Electronics 
• 
• Information Industrial Park, Gui'an New • 
• Area, Guizhou, China 
•❖1oo·New·sridge.sireei,··············· 
• London, EC4V 6JA, 
................................................. 
• Research and development, technical and 
• other services 
• United Kingdom 
•❖•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ..................................... 
• Jogailos g. 9, 
• Sales support, marketing and related 
• Vilnius, 01116, Lithuania 
• services 
··• si:· Niciioias.House.(1oiii. Fioori ·················•· saies.suppori:·mari<eiirig.anci.reiaieci·· 
• Catholic Mission Street, 
Lagos, 100001, 
• Nigeria 
6L luiiu Maniu Boulevard, Campus 6, 
• Building 6.1, 1st floor, office 119, Sector 
• 6, Bucharest, 
.Romania 
Room 402, South Side of Level 4, 
• North Tower, Zhongchuang Building, 
• Shuguang Road, Jining District, 
• Ulanqab City, Inner Mongolia 
• Autonomous Reg., 
•China 
• services 
Sales support, marketing and related 
• services 
Technical services and other support 
• services 
Hackerbriicke 6, 80335, 
.................................................... 
• Munich, 
• Bavaria-Bayern, 
•Germany 
• Technical services and other support 
• services 
kpp;e saUd; Acab;a (a s;ngle 
•• Shareholder Limited Liability 
••Company) 
·················•·Leve1 30:·i=a1saiia11·i'ower:····························• Sales, distribution and related services 
• King Fahed Highway, Olayah District, 
• 
P.O Box 54995, 
• 
• Riyadh, 11524, 
• 
..........................................................•. Sil.1.Jcti Arnb.iil. ......................................................• 
•• Shazam Media Services (Australia) 
• c/o Baker McKenzie, Tower One -
• 
•• Ply Ltd. * 
• International Towers Sydney, Level 46, • 
I 
Sha,am Enterta;nment um;ted • 
Inactive 
• 100 Barangaroo Avenue, Sydney NSW • 
• 2000, Australia 
................................ 
• Friedberger StraBe 7, 
61250, Usingen, 
•Germany 
.............................................. 
• The Shard, 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••❖••••••••••••••••••• 
= Inactive 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••❖•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• Holding company 
• 32 London Bridge Street, 
• London, SE1 9SG, 
• United Kingdom 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 32 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
••·Naiiieoi comi>ariy·· 
··············•·i=iegisterecioifice ··········································•·Naii:ire·o1·husiriess··· 
··············•·yiie·siiard:·········· ···············································•·inac1ive·· 
ISlamplay Um;led • 
I , K;nema um,eo • 
• 32 London Bridge Street, 
• London, SE1 9SG, 
• United Kingdom 
······································100· New·sridge.street, 
• London, 
.EC4V 6JA, 
• United Kingdom 
·····················10o·New·sricige·s1reet, 
• London, 
•EC4V 6JA, 
• United Kingdom 
............................................................ 
Am Campean 1-12, 
85579, 
• Neubiberg, 
...................................• <3-~rr:n.cJ.riy .. 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••❖•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Apple B.V. & Co KG 
• Freistadter StraBe 400, 
• 4040, Linz, 
=Austria 
• Research and development services 
Apple France 
................................................ 
·················································>saies support, marketing and related 
'services 
• 7 Place d'lena, 
• 75116, Paris, 
• France 
•• specirai.Edge·uriiiiec:i 
.................................................................. 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••❖••••••••••••••••••• 
• 100 New Bridge Street , 
• inactive 
• London, EC4V 6JA, 
• United Kingdom 
··V~ysis.UKLi~iieii 
v~ysis Limiiec:i; 
.......................................................... 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••❖••••••••••••••••••• 
• 15 Atholl Crescent, 
• Edinburgh, EH3 8HA, 
'Scotland 
= Inactive 
.............................................................. 
•••••❖••••••••••••••••••• 
Appie Ukraine Limited Liability 
••Company* 
l,;;p1e·1nves1men1s egy;;1·ccc 
• Rear Third Floor, 80 Harcourt Street, 
• Dublin 2, 
• 1reland 
T1r1s Boisunovska St., IQ Business 
• Centre, 
• Kyiv, 01014, 
• Ukraine 
Niie Ciiy Building, North Tower, 2005C, 
• 22 Floor, Cornish El Nil, 
• Cairo, 11624, 
•Egypt 
Ki1ie c11y su1idi~g, Norlhf~;;;;e/; 2oosc: 
• 22 Floor, Unit No. 2224, Cornish El Nil, 
• Cairo, 11624, 
.Egypt 
....................................... 
• Nile City Building, North Tower, 22 
• Floor 2005C, Unit No. 2224W3,Cornish 
• El Nil, Ramie! Beaulac, 
• Cairo, 11624, 
•Egypt 
• inactive 
❖Saies support, marketing and related 
• services 
·• Apple Trading Egypt LLC* 
!Apple EPE• 
.............................. 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••❖••••••••••••••••••• 
I 
Apple AdvertIB;ag (Be;j;ag) Ltd: 
Ag. Konstantinou 59-61, 
• Marousi, 
•Athens, 
.15124, 
=Greece 
........................................... 
• Room 203-2, Level 2, Building 1, Zone 
• 1, No. 81 Beiqing Road, Haidian 
• District, 
• Beijing, China 
• Inactive 
•❖••••••••••••••••• 
• Promote and resell advertising placement 
• service 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 33 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
••·Naiiieoi company·· 
········Registered office ··········································•·Naiureof business·· 
•• Aba Prefecture Hongyuan Huanju 
•• Ecological Energy Co., Ltd.(*)(****) 
t,sa e;eieciu;;; z;og;; """"'" 
•• Ecological Energy Co., Ltd.(*)(****) 
rNo:··1·s .. vang Ga Zhong Jie, ·······················To·pe·rati·On··o(phOt·ovoit8.·iC.St8ii0ri ... 
Qiongxi Town, 
• Hongyuan County, 
• Sichuan Province, 
•china 
No: 4 Commerce Street, 
Zioge County, 
• Sichuan Province, 
•China 
................................................................................................... 
• Operation of photovoltaic station 
f HOhhOi HOSOjU NOW e;:;;;;gy 
•• Development Co., Ltd.(*)(***) 
·················•·oingshan Road, 
• Wuchuan County, 
................................................................................................................ 
• Operation of photovoltaic station 
f ffaayaag Runtang New Enecgy Co .. 
•• Ltd.(*)(**) 
f QiSOjia TISnq;ao w;nd Powec Co .. 
•• Ltd.(*)(**) 
lzibO Runchuan New Enecgy Co., Ltd. 
•• (*)(**) 
lshOOihOU Pi"91u s;neng W,nd Powec 
Co., Ltd.(*)(**) 
Lng;:;.o Huanju New Enecgy Co., 
•• Ltd.(*)(**) 
• Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, 
•China 
indusiries Centralization Zone, 
.................................................................................................. 
• Tanghe County, 
• Nanyang City, 
• Henan Province, 
•china 
• Operation of wind farm power stations 
Ylbo San Village, 
.............................................................................................................................. 
• Baihetan Town, 
• Qiaojia County, 
Zhaotong City, 
• Yunnan Province, 
•China 
• No. 717 Chuangye Building, 
• Zichuan Economic Development Zone, 
Zibo City, 
• Shandong Province, 
•China 
• Second floor of Baixinyao Xincun, 
• North side of Pingyang East Road, 
• Pinglu District, 
• Shuozhou City, 
• Shanxi Province, 
•china 
oiilce of Management Committee of 
• Kangbao County Economic 
• Development Zone, 
• Zhangjiakou City, 
• Hebei Province ()iiJ ~l;~), 
•China 
• Operation of a wind farm power station 
•❖operaiion.wiriei iarm.powersia1ion·· 
* Certain entities have a different financial year-end where required or permitted by local laws and/or regulations. 
All Group entities listed above are, directly or indirectly, wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company or partnerships within the 
Group, except where the Group held 30%**, 34%*** and 44%**** respectively of the entity at year end. The shares held by 
the Company, directly or indirectly, are ordinary voting shares or an equivalent type of voting equity interest provided for 
under the laws of their jurisdiction of formation/incorporation. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 34 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 3 - Net Sales 
Net sales disaggregated by products and services for 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
Years ended 
Products (1) 
Services l2l 
Total net sales (3) 
25 September 
2021 
$'m 
178,246 
32,812 
211,058 
26 September 
2020 
$'m 
122,771 
25,397 
148,168 
(1) 
Products net sales include amortisation of the deferred value of unspecified software upgrade rights, which are bundled in the 
sales price of the respective product. 
(2) 
Services net sales include sales from the Group's advertising, AppleCare, cloud, digital content, payment and other services. 
Services net sales also include amortisation of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products. 
(3) 
Includes $2.6 billion and $2.3 billion of revenue recognised in 2021 and 2020, respectively, that was included in deferred revenue 
at the beginning of each respective year. 
Deferred Revenue 
As of 2021 and 2020, the Company had total deferred revenue of $5.3 billion and $4.2 billion, respectively. As of 2021, the 
Company expects $3.3 billion of total deferred revenue to be realised in less than a year, and $2.0 billion in greater than one 
year. 
Note 4 - Consolidated Financial Statement Details 
The following tables show the consolidated financial statement details of the Group as of 25 September 2021 and 26 
September 2020: 
Accounts receivable, net 
As of 25 
As of 26 
September 
September 
2021 
2020 
$'m 
$'m 
Trade receivables 
15,246 
8,227 
Vendor non-trade receivables 
13,890 
10,256 
Amounts owed from Ultimate Parent (Note 11, "Related Party Transactions") 
1,597 
912 
Amounts owed from other Apple related parties (Note 11, "Related Party Transactions") 
830 
771 
31,563 
20,166 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 35 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Other current assets 
Loans owed from Ultimate Parent (Note 11, "Related Party Transactions") 
Prepayments to Ultimate Parent (Note 11, "Related Party Transactions") 
Other current assets 
Other non-current assets 
Prepayments to Ultimate Parent (Note 11, "Related Party Transactions") 
Other non-current assets 
Accounts payable 
Trade payables 
Amounts owed to Ultimate Parent (Note 11, "Related Party Transactions") 
Amounts owed to other Apple related parties (Note 11, "Related Party Transactions") 
Note 5 - Share-Based Compensation 
As of 25 
September 
2021 
$'m 
22,003 
5,664 
5,618 
33,285 
As of 25 
September 
2021 
$'m 
9,336 
3,272 
12,608 
As of 25 
September 
2021 
$'m 
28,870 
11,499 
2,661 
43,030 
As of 26 
September 
2020 
$'m 
6,159 
6,159 
As of 26 
September 
2020 
$'m 
5,547 
5,547 
As of 26 
September 
2020 
$'m 
20,082 
7,911 
2,074 
30,067 
As of 25 September 2021, the Group's Ultimate Parent had employee benefit plans relevant to the Group; the 2014 
Employee Stock Plan, and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Under these plans, the Group's Ultimate Parent issues 
shares of Apple Inc. upon vesting of restricted stock units ("RSUs"), or the employees' purchase of shares under the plans. 
The issuance of shares is undertaken solely by Apple Inc .. The relevant employee benefit plans are summarised as follows: 
2014 Employee Stock Plan 
The 2014 Plan provides for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers, and permits the granting of 
RSUs, stock grants, performance-based awards, stock options and stock appreciation rights, as well as cash bonus awards. 
RSUs granted under the 2014 Plan generally vest over four years, based on continued employment, and are settled upon 
vesting in shares of Apple common stock on a one-for-one basis. RSUs granted under the 2014 Plan reduces the number of 
shares available for grant under the plan by a factor of two times the number of RSUs granted. RSUs cancelled and shares 
withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations increase the number of shares available for grant under the 2014 Plan utilising 
a factor of two times the number of RSUs cancelled or shares withheld. All RSUs granted under the 2014 Plan have dividend 
equivalent rights ("DERs"), which entitle holders of RSUs to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock. 
DERs are subject to the same vesting and other terms and conditions as the underlying RSUs. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 36 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
The Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Purchase Plan") is an Apple Inc. shareholder-approved plan under which 
substantially all employees may purchase Apple common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to 85% of the 
lower of the fair market values of the stock as of the beginning or the end of six-month offering periods. An employee's 
payroll deductions under the Purchase Plan are limited to 10% of the employee's compensation and employees may not 
purchase more than $25,000 of stock during any calendar year. 
Restricted Stock Units 
A summary of the Group's RSUs granted and related information for 2021 and 2020 is as follows: 
Years ended 
25 September 2021 
26 September 2020 
Restricted Stock Units granted 
Share-Based Compensation Expense 
Number of 
RSUs 
(in thousands) 
Weighted-
Average 
Grant Date 
Fair 
Value Per 
RSU 
115.33 
11,593 
$ ======= 
Number of 
RSUs 
(in thousands) 
Weighted-
Average 
Grant Date 
Fair 
Value Per 
RSU 
58.97 
20,006 
$ 
======= 
The share-based compensation expense included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2021 is $1.2 billion 
(2020: $941 million). 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 37 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 6 - Provision for Income Taxes 
The major components of income tax for the years ended 25 September 2021 and 26 September 2020 are: 
Years ended 
Current income tax: 
Corporation tax charge 
Change in estimates related to prior years 
Total current income tax 
Deferred income tax: 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 
Employee share-based payments 
Change in estimates related to prior years 
Total deferred income tax 
Provision for income taxes 
25 September 
2021 
$'m 
8,521 
74 
8,595 
3,013 
(75) 
42 
2,980 
11,575 
26 September 
2020 
$'m 
2,286 
307 
2,593 
3,746 
(60) 
(130) 
3,556 
6,149 
The following table shows the reconciliation of income tax to accounting profit multiplied by the applicable tax rate for 2021 
and 2020: 
Years ended 
Income before provision for income taxes 
Tax charge at the applicable tax rate of 12.5% 
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 
Differences in effective tax rates on overseas earnings 
Change in estimates related to prior years 
Other 
Provision for income taxes 
25 September 
2021 
$'m 
67,742 
8,468 
141 
2,335 
116 
515 
11,575 
26 September 
2020 
$'m 
33,808 
4,226 
729 
725 
177 
292 
6,149 
The corporate income taxes reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, Balance Sheets, and Statements of 
Cash Flows do not include U.S.-level corporate taxes borne by Apple Inc. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 38 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The Group's deferred tax assets are analysed as follows: 
As of 28 September 2019 
Tax charged to the Consolidated Statements of Operations 
Tax charged to the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Tax charged to the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
As of 26 September 2020 
Tax charged to the Consolidated Statements of Operations 
Tax charged to the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Tax charged to the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
As of 25 September 2021 
Intra Group 
transactions 
$'m 
10,608 
(3,263) 
7,345 
(3,266) 
4,079 
Other 
Total 
$'m 
$'m 
3,608 
14,216 
(293) 
(3,556) 
180 
180 
91 
91 
3,586 
10,931 
286 
(2,980) 
(229) 
(229) 
40 
40 
3,683 
7,762 
As of 25 September 2021, the Group has $2.6 billion in unused tax credits, which can be carried forward indefinitely, for 
which no deferred tax asset is recognised in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
Uncertain tax position: 
The Group classifies tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as non-current 
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
The changes in the balance of gross tax benefits, for 2021 are as follows: 
Carrying amount at beginning of year 
Increases during the year 
Decreases during the year 
Carrying amount at end of year 
As of 25 
September 
2021 
$'m 
4,778 
3,640 
(270) 
8,148 
The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. The evaluation of the Group's uncertain tax positions 
involves significant judgment in the interpretation and application of IFRS and tax laws, including the allocation of 
international taxation rights between countries. Although management believes the Group's reserves are reasonable, no 
assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in the 
Group's reserves. Reserves are adjusted considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax 
examination or the refinement of an estimate. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with management's 
expectations could have a material impact on the Group's financial condition and operating results. 
On 30 August 2016, the European Commission announced its decision that Ireland granted state aid to the Group by 
providing tax opinions in 1991 and 2007 concerning the tax allocation of profits of the Irish branches of two subsidiaries of the 
Group (the "State Aid Decision"). The State Aid Decision ordered Ireland to calculate and recover additional taxes from the 
Group for the period June 2003 through December 2014. Irish legislative changes, effective as of January 2015, eliminated 
the application of the tax opinions from that date forward. The recovery amount was calculated to be €13.1 billion, plus 
interest of €1.2 billion. The Group and Ireland appealed the State Aid Decision to the General Court of the Court of Justice of 
the European Union (the "General Court"). On 15 July 2020, the General Court annulled the State Aid Decision. On 25 
September 2020, the European Commission appealed the General Court's decision to the European Court of Justice. 
On an annual basis, the Group may request approval from the Irish Minister for Finance to reduce the recovery amount for 
certain taxes paid to other countries. As of 25 September 2021, the adjusted recovery amount was €12.7 billion, excluding 
interest. The adjusted recovery amount plus interest is funded into escrow, where it will remain restricted from general use 
pending the conclusion of all legal proceedings. Refer to Note 7, "Financial Risk Management and Financial Instruments" for 
more information. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 39 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 7 - Financial Risk Management and Financial Instruments 
The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks that include interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, liquidity risk 
and credit risk. These financial risks are actively managed by Apple lnc.'s Treasury Department on behalf of the Group under 
strict policies and guidelines. The Treasury Department monitors market conditions with a view to minimising the exposure of 
the Group to changing market factors. The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as foreign currency contracts to 
manage the financial risks associated with the underlying business activities of the Group. 
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Marketable and Non-Marketable Securities 
The Group classifies its marketable debt securities as either short-term or long-term based on each instrument's underlying 
contractual maturity date. Cash and cash equivalents comprise of cash balances, call deposits and deposits with original 
maturity of three months or less. 
The following tables show the Group's cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and non-marketable securities for 2021 
and 2020: 
As of 25 September 2021 
Adjusted 
Fair 
Cash and 
Short-Term 
Long-Term 
Other non-
Cost 
Value 
Cash 
Marketable 
Marketable 
current 
Equivalents 
Securities 
Securities 
assets 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
Cash 
10,900 
10,900 
10,900 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss: 
Money market funds <1) 
5,578 
5,578 
5,578 
Equity securities (2H3l 
2,729 
2,504 
963 
1,541 
Subtotal 
8,307 
8,082 
5,578 
963 
1,541 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income: 
Marketable Securities 
18,237 
18,251 
351 
5,441 
12,459 
Total (4l 
37,444 
37,233 
16,829 
6,404 
12,459 
1,541 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 40 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of 26 September 2020 
Adjusted 
Fair 
Cash and 
Short-Term 
Long-Term 
Cost 
Value 
Cash 
Marketable 
Marketable 
Equivalents 
Securities 
Securities 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
Financial assets at amortised cost: 
Cash 
4,237 
4,237 
4,237 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss: 
Money market funds (1l 
583 
583 
583 
Equity securities (2H3l 
2,712 
2,633 
Subtotal 
3,295 
3,216 
583 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income: 
Marketable Securities 
22,362 
22,412 
3,793 
4,267 
14,352 
Total (4l 
29,894 
29,865 
8,613 
4,267 
14,352 
(1) 
Level 1 fair value estimates are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
(2) 
Level 2 fair value estimates are based on observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical 
assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are 
observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
(3) 
Level 3 fair value estimates are based on inputs that are unobservable. 
(4) 
As of 25 September 2021, total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities included $18.0 bn (2020: $19.1 bn) that 
was restricted from general use, related to the State Aid Decision (see Note 6, "Provision for Income Taxes") and other 
agreements. 
Other 
non-
current 
assets 
$'m 
2,633 
2,633 
2,633 
The fair value of the Group's money market funds and certain marketable securities are based on quoted prices in active 
markets for identical assets. The valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of the Group's debt instruments and 
other financial instruments which generally have counter parties with high credit ratings, are based on quoted market prices 
or model-driven valuations using significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. The Group may 
sell certain of its marketable debt securities prior to their stated maturities for reasons including, but not limited to, managing 
liquidity, credit risk, duration and asset allocation. The maturities of the Group's long-term marketable debt securities 
generally range from one to five years. 
Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Risk Management 
The Group regularly reviews its foreign exchange forward and option positions and interest rate swaps, both on a stand-alone 
basis and in conjunction with its underlying foreign currency and interest rate exposures. Given the effective horizons of the 
Group's risk management activities and the anticipatory nature of the exposures, there can be no assurance these positions 
will offset more than a portion of the financial impact resulting from movements in either foreign exchange or interest rates. 
Further, the recognition of the gains and losses related to these instruments may not coincide with the timing of gains and 
losses related to the underlying economic exposures and, therefore, may adversely affect the Group's financial condition and 
operating results. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 41 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Interest Rate Risk 
The Group's exposure to changes in interest rates relates primarily to the Group's investment portfolio. While the Group is 
exposed to global interest rate fluctuations, the Group's interest income is most sensitive to fluctuations in Euro and U.S. 
dollar interest rates. Changes in Euro and U.S. dollar interest rates affect the interest earned on the Group's cash, cash 
equivalents and marketable securities and the fair value of those securities, as well as costs associated with hedging. 
The Group's investment policy and strategy are focused on preservation of capital and supporting the Group's liquidity 
requirements. The Group uses a combination of internal and external management to execute its investment strategy and 
achieve its investment objectives. The Group typically invests in highly-rated securities, with the primary objective of 
minimising the potential risk of principal loss. The Group's investment policy generally requires investments to be investment 
grade and limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate 
risk associated with the Group's investment portfolio, the Group performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a 
change in interest rates would have on the value of the investment portfolio assuming a 100 basis point parallel shift in the 
yield curve. Based on investment positions as of 25 September 2021 and 26 September 2020, a hypothetical 100 basis point 
increase in interest rates across all maturities would result in a $270 million and $326 million incremental decline in the fair 
market value of the portfolio, respectively. Such losses would only be realised if the Group sold the investments prior to 
maturity. 
Foreign Currency Risk 
In general, the Group is a net receiver of currencies other than U.S. dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in 
particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar will negatively affect the Group's net sales and gross margins as expressed in 
U.S. dollars. There is a risk that the Group will have to adjust local currency product pricing due to competitive pressures 
when there has been significant volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. 
The Group may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial institutions to protect against foreign 
exchange risks associated with certain existing assets and liabilities, certain firmly committed transactions, forecasted future 
cash flows and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. The Group generally hedges portions of its forecasted foreign 
currency exposure associated with revenue and inventory purchases, typically for up to 12 months. However, the Group may 
choose not to hedge certain foreign exchange exposures for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, accounting 
considerations or the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. 
To provide a meaningful assessment of the foreign currency risk associated with certain of the Group's foreign currency 
derivative positions, the Group performed a sensitivity analysis using a value-at-risk ("VAR") model to assess the potential 
impact of fluctuations in exchange rates. The VAR model consisted of using a Monte Carlo simulation to generate thousands 
of random market price paths assuming normal market conditions. The VAR is the maximum expected loss in fair value, for a 
given confidence interval, to the Group's foreign currency derivative positions due to adverse movements in rates. The VAR 
model is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation and management tool. Forecasted 
transactions, firm commitments and assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were excluded from the model. 
Based on the results of the model, the Group estimates with 95% confidence, a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $437 
million as of 25 September 2021 compared to a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $462 million as of 26 September 
2020. Because the Group uses foreign currency instruments for hedging purposes, the losses in fair value incurred on those 
instruments are generally offset by increases in the fair value of the underlying exposures. 
Actual future gains and losses associated with the Group's investment portfolio and derivative positions may differ materially 
from the sensitivity analyses performed as of 25 September 2021 due to the inherent limitations associated with predicting 
the timing and amount of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and the Group's actual exposures and 
positions. 
Liquidity Risk 
The Group believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents and unrestricted marketable securities, which totaled $17.7 billion 
as of 25 September 2021, along with cash generated by ongoing operations, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements 
over the next 12 months and beyond. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 42 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Maturity of financial liabilities 
The following tables summarise the maturity profile of the Group's financial liabilities for 2021 and 2020 based on contractual 
payments: 
Non-Derivative Financial Instruments: 
Accounts payable 
Other current liabilities 
Other non-current liabilities 
Subtotal 
Derivative Financial Instruments: 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Non-Derivative Financial Instruments: 
Accounts payable 
Other current liabilities 
Other non-current liabilities 
Subtotal 
Derivative Financial Instruments: 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Carrying 
Amount 
$'m 
43,030 
16,309 
4,352 
63,691 
545 
Carrying 
Amount 
$'m 
30,067 
13,184 
3,511 
46,762 
965 
As of 25 September 2021 
Contractual 
Period <1 
Amount 
year 
$'m 
$'m 
43,030 
43,030 
16,309 
16,309 
4,352 
63,691 
59,339 
79,450 
77,669 
As of 26 September 2020 
Contractual 
Period <1 
Amount 
year 
$'m 
$'m 
30,067 
30,067 
13,184 
13,184 
3,511 
46,762 
43,251 
121,911 
112,535 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 43 
Period 1-5 
years 
$'m 
4,352 
4,352 
1,781 
Period 1-5 
years 
$'m 
3,511 
3,511 
9,376 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk refers to the risk of financial loss to the Group if a counterparty defaults on its contractual obligations on financial 
assets held in the Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Group. The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the 
carrying amount of each financial asset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Group. 
Accounts Receivable 
The Group is exposed to credit risk on its trade accounts receivable, vendor non-trade receivables and amounts owed by 
related parties and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen. 
The Group has considerable trade receivables outstanding with its third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, 
resellers, small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers. The Group generally does 
not require collateral from its customers; however, the Group will require collateral or third-party credit support in certain 
instances to limit credit risk. In addition, when possible, the Group attempts to limit credit risk on trade receivables with credit 
insurance for certain customers or by requiring third-party financing, loans or leases to support credit exposure. These credit-
financing arrangements are directly between the third-party financing company and the end customer. As such, the Group 
generally does not assume any recourse or credit risk sharing related to any of these arrangements. 
The Group has non-trade receivables from certain of its manufacturing vendors resulting from the sale of components to 
these vendors who manufacture sub-assemblies or assemble final products for the Group. The Group purchases these 
components directly from suppliers. 
Accounts receivables are generally receivable within 30 days of the Consolidated Balance Sheet dates and are unsecured 
and non-interest bearing. The ageing analysis of accounts receivables, stated net of provisions for expected credit losses are 
as follows: 
Carrying Amount 
Neither past due nor impaired 
Past due but not impaired 
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Marketable and Non-Marketable Securities 
As of 25 
September 
2021 
$'m 
31,509 
54 
31,563 
As of 26 
September 
2020 
$'m 
20,114 
52 
20,166 
The Group is exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the values of its investment portfolio. The Group's investments can be 
negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration, financial results, market and economic conditions, political risk, sovereign 
risk, interest rate fluctuations or other factors. As a result, the value and liquidity of the Group's cash, marketable and non-
marketable securities may fluctuate substantially. Therefore, although the Group has not realised any significant losses on its 
cash, marketable and non-marketable securities, future fluctuations in their value could result in significant losses and could 
have a material adverse impact on the Group's financial condition and operating results. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 44 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The following table shows the credit ratings of the Group's cash, marketable and non-marketable securities: 
Investment Grade 
Non-Investment Grade 
Capital Risk Management 
Carrying Amount 
As of 25 
As of 26 
September 
September 
2021 
2020 
$'m 
$'m 
34,366 
27,231 
1,904 
2,634 
36,270 
29,865 
Capital includes ordinary shares and equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Group. The primary objective of the 
Group's capital management is to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to trade on a going concern basis. The Group 
believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents and unrestricted marketable securities, which totaled $17.7 billion as of 25 
September 2021, along with cash generated by ongoing operations, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements over the 
next 12 months and beyond. 
Derivative Financial Instruments 
The following table shows the notional amounts of the Group's outstanding derivative instruments and credit risk amounts 
associated with outstanding or unsettled derivative instruments as of 25 September 2021 and 26 September 2020: 
As of 25 September 2021 
As of 26 September 2020 
Notional 
Credit Risk 
Notional 
Credit Risk 
Amount 
Amount 
Amount 
Amount 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
Instruments designated as accounting hedges: 
Foreign exchange contracts 
59,779 
542 
41,550 
701 
Instruments not designated as accounting hedges: 
Foreign exchange contracts 
115,377 
277 
80,361 
259 
The notional amounts for outstanding derivative instruments provide one measure of the transaction volume outstanding and 
do not represent the amount of the Group's exposure to credit or market loss. The credit risk amounts represent the Group's 
gross exposure to potential accounting loss on derivative instruments that are outstanding or unsettled if all counterparties 
failed to perform according to the terms of the contract, based on then-current currency or interest rates at each respective 
date. The Group's exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary over time as currency and interest rates change. Although 
the table above reflects the notional and credit risk amounts of the Group's derivative instruments, it does not reflect the 
gains or losses associated with the exposures and transactions that the instruments are intended to hedge. The amounts 
ultimately realised upon settlement of these financial instruments, together with the gains and losses on the underlying 
exposures, will depend on actual market conditions during the remaining life of the instruments. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 45 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 8 - Property, Plant and Equipment, net 
Cost: 
As of 28 September 2019 
Additions 
Disposals 
As of 26 September 2020 
Additions 
Disposals 
As of 25 September 2021 
Depreciation: 
As of 28 September 2019 
Charge for the year 
Disposals 
As of 26 September 2020 
Charge for the year 
Disposals 
As of 25 September 2021 
Net book value: 
As of 25 September 2021 
As of 26 September 2020 
Leased ROU assets 
As of 25 September 2021, net carrying amount 
As of 26 September 2020, net carrying amount 
Total property, plant and equipment as of 25 September 2021 
Buildings 
Leasehold 
Improvements 
$'m 
$'m 
1,427 
3,359 
242 
528 
(13) 
1,669 
3,874 
408 
160 
(31) 
2,077 
4,003 
127 
1,649 
47 
396 
(33) 
174 
2,012 
57 
337 
(28) 
231 
2,321 
1,846 
1,682 
1,495 
1,862 
Buildings 
$'m 
4,293 
3,325 
Additions to ROU assets during 2021 were $1.7 billion (2020: $995 million). 
Machinery & 
Equipment 
$'m 
44,478 
3,258 
(682) 
47,054 
4,989 
(4,708) 
47,335 
35,240 
5,377 
(572) 
40,045 
4,972 
(4,674) 
40,343 
6,992 
7,009 
Machinery & 
Equipment 
$'m 
135 
162 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 46 
Total 
$'m 
49,264 
4,028 
(695) 
52,597 
5,557 
(4,739) 
53,415 
37,016 
5,820 
(605) 
42,231 
5,366 
(4,702) 
42,895 
10,520 
10,366 
Total 
$'m 
4,428 
3,487 
14,948 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 9 - Provisions 
The following table shows changes in the Group's accrued warranties and related costs for 2021: 
Beginning accrued warranty and related costs 
Costs of warranty claims 
Accruals for warranty 
Ending accrued warranty and related costs 
As of 25 
September 
2021 
$'m 
3,097 
(2,503) 
3,091 
3,685 
The Group offers limited warranties on its hardware products. The warranty period is typically one year from the date of 
purchase by the original end user. The Group also offers a limited warranty on the service parts used to repair the Group's 
hardware products. In certain jurisdictions, local law requires that manufacturers guarantee their products for a period 
prescribed by statute, typically at least two years. 
Warranty costs are based on historical and projected warranty claim rates, historical and projected cost per claim and 
knowledge of specific product failures that are outside of the Group's typical experience. The Group regularly reviews these 
estimates and adjusts the warranty liabilities if actual product failure rates or repair costs differ from estimates. 
Note 10 - Called up share capital presented as equity 
Allotted, called up and fully paid: 
10,000 (2020: 10,000) ordinary shares of $1 each 
There is no authorised share capital under the Company's constitution as of 25 September 2021. 
Rights attaching to the ordinary shares 
The ordinary shares carry the right to; 
As of 25 
September 
2021 
$ 
10,000 
As of 26 
September 
2020 
$ 
10,000 
(a) 
receive notice of, attend, speak or vote at any general meeting of the Company, or participate in written 
resolutions in lieu of a general meeting. Where a matter is being decided on a show of hands at a meeting, every 
member present in person and every proxy shall have one vote and on a poll, every member shall have one vote 
for every share held or for each €15 of stock held; 
(b) 
participate in the dividends (if any) declared on that class of share; and 
(c) 
in the winding up of the Company, repayment of capital paid upon such shares and the right to participate in the 
division of any surplus assets or profits of the Company. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 47 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 11 - Related Party Transactions 
The principal related party relationships requiring disclosure in the consolidated financial statements of the Group under IAS 
24, Related Party Disclosures pertain to the existence of subsidiaries and transactions with related parties entered into by the 
Group. 
Subsidiaries and transactions with related parties 
Sales to and purchases from, together with outstanding payables and receivables to and from subsidiaries, are eliminated in 
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated Financial 
Statements. The Group enters into transactions with Apple related parties that are not eliminated in the preparation of the 
consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties 
Sales to and purchases from related parties are on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's length transactions. The 
outstanding balances included in accounts receivables, net, accounts payable and other assets at the Consolidated Balance 
Sheet dates are interest or non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand or within 40-90 day terms. 
Prepayments to related parties are non-refundable and are expected to be recouped over 3 years. 
The following tables summarise the transactions and outstanding balances with related parties: 
As of 25 September 2021 
Sales to 
Purchases 
Amounts 
Amounts 
Loans 
Loans 
Prepayments 
Related 
from 
owed 
owed to 
owed 
owed to 
to Related 
Parties 
Related 
from 
Related 
from 
Related 
Parties 
Parties 
Related 
Parties 
Related 
Parties 
Parties 
Parties 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
Ultimate Parent 
768 
(17,798) 
1,597 
(11,499) 
22,003 
15,000 
Other Apple related parties 
6,125 
(745) 
830 
(2,661) 
196 
(370) 
6,893 
(18,543) 
2,427 
(14,160) 
22,199 
(370) 
15,000 
As of 26 September 2020 
Sales to 
Purchases 
Amounts 
Amounts 
Loans 
Loans 
Prepayments 
Related 
from 
owed 
owed to 
owed 
owed to 
to Related 
Parties 
Related 
from 
Related 
from 
Related 
Parties 
Parties 
Related 
Parties 
Related 
Parties 
Parties 
Parties 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
$'m 
Ultimate Parent 
246 
(18,902) 
912 
(7,911) 
Other Apple related parties 
4,756 
(598) 
771 
(2,074) 
126 
(957) 
5,002 
(19,500) 
1,683 
(9,985) 
126 
(957) 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 48 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 12 - Leases 
The Group has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including retail, corporate, manufacturing, and data 
center space. These leases typically have original terms not exceeding 10 years and generally contain multi-year renewal 
options, some of which are reasonably certain of exercise. 
Payments under the Group's lease arrangements may be fixed or variable, and variable lease payments are primarily based 
on purchases of output of the underlying leased assets. As of 25 September 2021, lease costs associated with fixed 
payments and variable payments on the Group's leases were $749 million (2020: $646 million) and $8.5 billion (2020: $5.7 
billion) respectively. Included within these costs is depreciation expense of $695 million (2020: $593 million) of which $622 
million (2020: $522 million) relates to buildings and $73 million (2020: $71 million) to machinery and equipment. Total cash 
payments for leases during 2021 were $9.3 billion (2020: $6.5 billion). 
The Group's ROU assets are classified as property, plant and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and presented 
in Note 8, "Property, Plant and Equipment, net" and lease liabilities are classified as follows: 
Lease-Related Liabilities 
Lease liabilities: 
Total lease liabilities 
Financial Statement Line Items 
Other current liabilities 
Other non-current liabilities 
Lease liability maturities, on an undiscounted basis, are as follows: 
Within one year 
Later than one year but not later than five years 
Later than five years 
------------
25 September 
26 September 
2021 
2020 
$'m 
643 
4,021 
4,664 
As of 25 
September 
2021 
$'m 
697 
2,243 
2,166 
5,106 
$'m 
625 
3,004 
3,629 
As of 26 
September 
2020 
$'m 
673 
1,937 
1,232 
3,842 
As of 25 September 2021, the Group had $491 million (2020: $1.1 billion) of future payments under additional leases, 
primarily for corporate facilities and retail space, that had not yet commenced. These leases will commence between 2022 
and 2023, with lease terms ranging from 3 years to 20 years. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 49 

Apple Operations International Limited 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 13- Commitments and Contingencies 
The following table show the expenditure contracted for but not recognised as liabilities as of 25 September 2021 and 26 
September 2020: 
Unconditional purchase obligations 
Contingencies 
As of 25 
September 
2021 
$'m 
140 
As of 26 
September 
2020 
$'m 
230 
The Group is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of 
which are inherently uncertain. The Group records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount 
is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. Resolution of legal matters in a manner 
inconsistent with management's expectations could have a material impact on the Group's financial condition and operating 
results. 
French Competition Authority 
On 16 March 2020, the French Competition Authority ("FCA") announced its decision that aspects of the Apple Inc. group's 
sales and distribution practices in France violate French competition law, and issued a fine of €1.1 billion. The Group strongly 
disagrees with the FCA's decision, and has appealed. 
Note 14 - Approval of Financial Statements 
The Group financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 January, 2022. 
Apple Operations International Limited I 2021 Directors' Report and Financial Statements I 50 

